 PUSHPA PLEASE SUBCRIBE This blood moon is very popular in the world. You know about the Kempu moon. We will share some special facts with you. What is Kempu moon or blood moon? In India, the most famous and most popular tree in the ancient times is the blood moon or red sandal. Red sandal, almuga, sounder wood, red sandal, red sandalwood, blood moon, red sandal, many names are used to describe it. Do you know the main characteristics of this tree? Kempu tree is a small tree of species. It is about 8 meters long. But the shape of this tree is very attractive. The shape of the left side of the tree is very attractive. In ancient Asian countries, Kempu moon is considered as an international tree. This is more attractive than its lexical features. They use lexical branches to make musical instruments. Known as Kempu Moon Known as Kempu Moon Known for its an Juliai título, a little structure 자 Look at its shape. Known for its an Juliai título, a little structure là Known for its', original legs and fangs. Guess what it is? The long servers of uplands Chandra have been the mostints of the Unclean Casteיים plant population from a long time ago in India the shame that India has been sharing in planting these trees the green trees away from the family name, the hands that spare illegal smugg遊 These are the children of Balcencea話 They are too few more in northern India How do we know the value of the fuller trim reached for the Qianpu order of above thefoodings? When the Kempu moon rises, the soil and rocks are dry. This is good for dry and busy environments. In India, you can grow Kempu moon wherever you want. You can grow every plant within 10 by 10 feet. Every tree gives 500 kg Kempu moon for 10 years. For the first two years, Kempu moon should be grown in an art-free environment. The soil is then removed and at a distance of 4 to 4 meters, 45 to 45 cm of the rocks are removed. The time to grow Kempu moon is from May to June. The water content of Kempu moon is determined. Then, as a result of the dry environment, water can be grown in between 10 to 15 days. From April to May, Kempu moon leaves are eaten by the boys and their health is destroyed. This is how Manu Crotophage can be grown by watering twice a week. This Kempu moon is very slow for the Hrygansk race. If you want to grow a proper tree, you need tens of trees. This tree is 150 to 175 cm tall. For one plant, 9 meters is enough. In three years, this tree has grown 6 meters. This tree cannot bear the heat. Kempu moon is historically important in China. Kempu moon is very important in the life of the tree. Kempu moon is grown as a medicine in the middle of a tree. The problems caused by the pollution of Kempu moon are also caused by the lack of chemicals. Kempu moon is grown as a medicine for blood circulation. It is also grown as a medicine for alcohol and water. It is also grown as a medicine for music. This is why Kempu moon is very important for blood circulation.