 I'm coming to Tavare Thotta from Chandanamana. I'd like to thank our old police officer Sundar for his hard work and his son for saving the sand. I'd like to thank him for building the fort. I'd like to thank our old police officer Sundar for his hard work and his son for saving the sand. He was a member of the Kempammana court case. Chandasekar was my classmate. His son, Abha Vishwa, is the person who acted in that case. We all trust him. Sundar is the only son. He's a software engineer. He's a young boy. Udda, he's a boy named Udda. He's a 6 feet tall boy. He's a 6 feet tall Udda. He's a very amazing artist. He's played in the Kempammana court case. He directed a short film. It was a great short film. It was a great short film. What was the name of the film? It was called Reckoning. Reckoning. I didn't understand English. I was in 8th grade. It was a great film. Now, Sanjay Shantaram, the father of our Swami Ayyappa film, Ayyappa Swami, was in the film. He was the leading actor in the film, in the film, Manne Kempe Gowda. He had a wonderful performance. I went to his memorial and I advised him for the first time. It's very easy for those who know dance and recording. But if you enter a battlefield and meet the battlefield, it will be very nice. You will be able to accept the acting more. I advised him to learn different techniques. Now, my other disciple, my younger one, Vivekanth Bagalkoti, he's a software engineer. He's directing a film called Kushmanda Roopa. In that film, he's one of the heroes. He can be a second hero or anti-hero. What do you think about Kushmanda Roopa? You've worked for two days, right? When I saw Kushmanda Roopa, I told him a lot of stories. I didn't tell him the whole story. Because he didn't like to leave the story. How old are you with your father? Chandanavanna's farm. You were taking water from the bottom. I saw it in my eyes. You and your father made cement blocks to protect the animals. We built a fort like structure for each other. Veera shot it. It's amazing. How did you come up with this idea? What do you want to do? Are you interested in farming? After the kids play, the kids will be like this. What do you want to do after the farm? To tell the history of the farm, it's been 10-12 years. You said 14 years. We built a fort. We built a fort and watered it for 12 years. There were no facilities for water. My father used to cut the grass and water it. We used to put it in the garden. Now it's all checked down. We have two motors. Water comes easily. There's no problem with that. Water comes and it's all lighted up. Now there are more problems with the stones. We knew that the stones were placed in corners. Someone had cut a layer in the corner. We knew that. They were checking how much sand we could get. Since then, I and my father thought about it. We thought of putting sensors in it. But there was no sensor supply. We thought of doing something else. So, my father and I came up with an idea. We'll build 8K blocks. We thought it would be cheaper than building. We built 50 to 60 blocks in a week. We've built 150 blocks. We've made cement, concrete and so on. We've built a fort. We've built it strong. But you've built a fort. Only rainwater will go. You're carrying sand. There's nothing. We need to give space for more water. We've left one foot apart. There should be space for water and rain. Apart from farming, apart from farming, you should move forward in cinema or should you continue in software? Or should you continue in the form of a farmer? What's your goal? What do you want? What do you think? If I say software, we don't outsource. We've made a product called TV Connect. You've set up a studio and you've done a lot. You've set up a studio there. You've acted, dubbed. You've done it on the ground. You've done it on the ground. When you were a kid, you had to find out. What should I do at this age? What should I do at this age? I'm also at that age. You're at that age. I'm not your age to come to a film. I'm 15 years old. You've all been born with a golden spoon in your mouth. You've been born with a golden spoon in your mouth. You've been born with a golden spoon in your mouth. You've been born with a golden spoon in your mouth. You didn't come last time, right? You didn't come last time, right? How are you feeling now? What I'm feeling is, you've said software engineers or people who go to work, they have a 9 to 5 job. Saturday, Sunday, they should come. Everyone should come. If it's 50 to 60 kilometers, it's difficult. It can be 20 kilometers. 25 kilometers from the centre of the city. They should come on Saturday, Sunday, relax and go. They've made a good place and a good atmosphere. What do you think of the games? The games are here. He doesn't touch the eye candy. He touched the eye candy first. I was very happy. They've done everything well. Then the environment came. So, all the best for your future. Our boy Vishveshwara, come out nicely. Already, you're a 2 inch coconut tree. I can see how cool you are. I can see your growth. Look at this boy. He's a wonderful artist. He's got a good talent, a good voice, a good base voice. He's got a good heart for everything. You tell your friends about our tower. Definitely. So, today, we'll end this episode. What do you say? Chandana Manada, Sundararaju, Sundararajara, our son Vishveshwara, our Kashi Vishveshwara. We'll trust his love. We'll trust his love.