 Namaskar Friends, today we are going to show you another important thing. We are going to show you how important is host and light for Srikant. Here our friend is showing you this. This is Srikant's 7th year. We have given host to this. This is not for maintenance, it is for the hostel. When we have host, you can see the surroundings. But the house on the right side is not a host. If you see the surroundings, the growth is very good. We have not given anything to this. It is just a natural house. If you see on the right, there is no host. See the growth difference. There are two 8 times built houses. If someone comes to this place, many people will know this place. We will show you more. You have to see what happens when you come in the sun. There are many walls in front of our hostel. But the walls that we have built are all single. But the growth is less. Why is this less? Because the main thing is that the sunlight is not getting properly. We will show you the same house in both the houses. The sunlight is getting and going up. But it is going around. It is going up fast. Because it is in competition. It is in the excitement of the need of light. This house is a light demanding house. So it does not get damaged. It goes up fast. People show that it is 10 feet, 1 year old and 20 feet old. It is not useful. It does not matter how high it goes. It should come around. Because the ratio of hot wood depends on the top. 30 to 70. You can see here. There are small walls. It is more than 6 feet. But it does not go around. Because it is in the under shade. Many people put it with 5 feet of mahogany. 450 mahogany and 450 srikand. Not one acre. 900 walls put in one acre. The children. I would like to say to them. Come and see our garden. Otherwise stop giving wrong information. Because the farmers are getting bad. I have no profit from this. We are telling them good things. We will give the sashi. But we are giving it less. One idea is to get good quality for the farmers. If you give good quality and if not, stop giving. Tell us that we do not know. Do not change everything. We should not take our lives to change your sashi. I am requesting you. If you have any problem with us. If you feel like we should not tell you. If you are not in college. You can ask us. We will see what we can do. You can change your sashi. Okay friends. Stay away from the hunter. Namaskar.