 Now you have built another building in the garden, the blood moon Is this the blood moon? Yes, this is the blood moon You have seen the Pushpa moon The one with the smuggling is the same one How did you come up with the concept of blood moon? I was in Srikanth, right? At that time I had 100-200 beds Where to see the blood moon? I knew about blood moon from the beginning China and the Mongolian population is very poor Japan, Nepal, Burma, Myanmar In that country, they are very careful about this This is here, this is here, that is there You can't see it here, it's very big That is the blood moon This is for some power, for some medicine They said there was a demand They said they will put it in front of the gods They have put it here to show But it came in a wonderful way It's been 4 years 4 years? Where did it come? You have seen it in the Pushpa movie Yes It has come If you want to see the blood moon, you have to go to the temple Inside it is red If you cut it If you cut it, it will come when blood comes So the more the tree grows, the more red it becomes Yes It's been 4 years, it's a little red It will come more after it's dried Because it looks completely red after it's dried Blood moon, if you want to take it, it's okay How is the maintenance? It's like a woman's work But this is not a good work She takes her own work This is a fast growing tree Look at this It's 30 feet long It's about 100-150 feet long This is about 30 feet long And it's more than that But we are in trouble with the market Why are you in trouble? The blood moon is not free from the government I know that I gave it to Sri Gandha's market The government will take it They have to give it to them How long will it take to complete? It will come when it's red How long will it take to change? It will take 15-16 years It will take 16 years We have to talk about the structure How deep should it be? This is the same It's not going to be a branch It will be a long tree It will be a bud There are small branches But not big ones The branches are small It's not going to be big But it will grow a lot I can't see it It's a blood moon It's growing It's a blood moon If you say it's a tree of Sri Gandha It will smell like a tree of a white tree It doesn't smell like a tree of a white tree It's nothing Blood moon is a medicine It's very costly It's used for beauty products Beauty products It's used to bring beauty and power It's grown How is the maintenance of this? Leave it Leave the smell Leave the smell You said you want to talk about the blood moon How is the maintenance? Is it ok if the water is less? I will tell you All the trees will be watered Because of the drip Water is needed This is a tree that grows in the ground Water is not needed Any tree that grows in the ground It needs more water If the water is less We have the tree Aala, Basri They are not like this Even the water in the ground will be alive I have a house I have 200 houses I don't have water I have 200 houses What is the purpose of having 200 houses? What is the purpose of having 200 houses? It's a commercial crop It's a commercial crop What is the name of the crop? It's a material for houses For the house For the house Do you do anything with the crop? Do you do anything with the crop? No one does anything with the crop We don't have much crop You can get it from Bangalore Where do you get it from? We get beauty products from there We get products from there We get beauty products from there We get beauty products from there Do you have any idea to get the crop? No, no We don't have anything I am here I am here Hello, Kannadi guys We are making a video by making a video and we are spreading it in our channel Please subscribe our channel and join hands and help as much as you can and get the crop from the crop Mom, can you give me a little help? Mom, the air is clean Mom, the air is clean I told you, the first thing I told I am a good lover I love all things Ok Now, about the blood donation have you taken any information about the crop? No, I haven't I have taken information about the crop I have taken information about the crop I haven't taken anything I will search on YouTube I will do whatever I can get information From the information we get from YouTubers to the happiness of a farmer to the happiness to be a good YouTuber the awareness videos the videos about the good information I will search on YouTube and get information There is nothing in YouTube If you give good information to the YouTube face people, farmers, all the people will get good information You are an expert in YouTube and some people are doctors some people are experts in the field but instead of being a Google doctor if you study and give good information it will be useful for everyone because everyone watches YouTube everyone has a mobile so if you want to give good content or make a video if you study and give you will get good information it will be useful for others Now we have talked about the blood donation this is 15 years how much is this kg? I don't know about the market I don't know about the market you have given the information what they said they said that the blood donation is very good how much is the market? the government will give the permission to do this there is nothing we can't build it it should not be like this it should not be like this I don't know if the government will do policy they said it is good it is very good I have given the information it is better than Srikantak it is good for blood donation it is good for blood donation they do beauty products if you ask them they will give the information viewers, how is the blood donation of Purushottam Reddy how is the market that district is also one of the commercial the blood donation is good they said if I want to get the blood donation I have to get the sandal they said they have to get 50 I have not decided to build the market I am a fan of greenery I have built the greenery I will think about the market how much blood is there in this I will think about you I will think about you if you watch the video Purushottam Reddy has put Srikantak CBN these are commercial how to get the blood from the market how to get the blood from the market how to get the blood from the market how to get the blood from the market you can get the blood very fast after 4 years you have to get the blood from the market some of the blood can be broken if you get the blood from the market you will get the blood I will think about you if you are not living in this way you can get the blood and theow is a commercial crop like patcham and nobodyroad Peaway peaway peaway peaway me me me Thank you.