 I have already prepared the seeds for the seedlings. Now I am going to plant the seeds. When I get the seeds, I will look at how to spray them. I want to plant 4 seeds. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. I want to plant the seeds so that a person who is a student can grow a seed. Hello, I am Pavitra Jain, and I am here with a new video. Today we are going to introduce you to a young farmer. He is a farmer who wants to grow seeds in his farmland. He is a very kind man. He is very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. He is a very kind. So, we can say that the viewers have come to our studio directly from Yadagiri. They are going to share their experience in agriculture and their desire to become a farmer. I will tell you how they are doing it. Hello. How did you start your agriculture journey? We are not able to get the right price for the right amount of seed. We have made it easier to get the right amount of seed. How old are you? I am 22 years old. So, you have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. You have been trying to grow your own crop for 22 years. Tell me about your background. I have completed my second PC. I have completed my IT in that paper bag. I have been thinking about my business. I have a lot of desire to get the right amount of money. How much land do you have? We have 18 acres of land. We have 10 acres of land. We have 10 acres of land. We have 10 acres of land. How many people do you have at home? We have 5 people. I have my brother, my father and my mother. How do you manage to earn money? I am the one who is able to do the most. I am the one who takes care of the rest. Why did you start IT and then start farming? I am not able to live without it. I have seen the freedom app. I am interested in it. When did you subscribe to it? I have been wanting to subscribe since the beginning. When I got the luck, I got a premium of 3 years. How did you watch the courses? I watched the courses and I was able to get time. Which courses did you watch? I watched the Dragon Fruit, Paper Plate, Sree Gandha Dho Bagina and Dalimbe. I have seen the course. When I watch the Dragon Fruit course, I will learn something. You already have a lot of knowledge about agriculture. You've seen many different commentaries on 알 Which were the sorts of comments that we have to observe the water first because we have the Kampman it hasn't changed much it is very small after it was born it is not that big it is not that big because it is very attractive for camping because water is not absorbed so we have to observe the Kampman because it is very bad for the morning so we have to think about it after that what else did you observe? what did you learn from that? I have seen paper plate cups from that I was ready from the beginning now I have given my best to observe that after that what did you see? what did you learn from that? in that when the water comes what kind of spray should we do? I have learned a little so what did you want to do? what kind of course you want to do? I have 4.5 years I want to go to Srikanth what kind of course did you see? what did you want to start? after 7 years I want to do it right I don't want to be too wet then there is a poet I watch his videos more than that I have more what is this? Kavitha Mishraora what a course now in the land you have planted 4 acres of Srikanth very nice after studying this what other courses did you see? I have seen as many as I wanted nothing else thank you so much what kind of help is Freedom App? what kind of help is it for people? what kind of help is it? I think it is a person who is educated can't be controlled but a person who is free can do it what kind of help can be done? it can be done by the farmer but the change is the farmer now they see the profit loss but the farmer is suffering they see the profit loss because now the farmer is not able to take care of the land the farmer is not able to take care of the land they have to take care of themselves and the people it is difficult what kind of help did you see? from the course you have seen you have to tell your brother what kind of help did you see? can you tell us about that? I have been working for 3 years I have been working in Corona and I have more flow instead of that I have to work more next year I will start a business compulsory very nice what kind of business do you want to start? what kind of business do you want to start? starting paper plate business I have been thinking about that second year I will start very nice I wish you a happy end of your dream thank you so much so viewers, you have seen Ajay for a young person for a young person who is 22 years old if you have such ideas if you have set a goal to make the farmers successful you can say that it is a real achievement even for a young person if you have such inspiration definitely in the agriculture field you can see a lot of things not only in the state but also in the state you can make achievements you can also make your own what you have to do for that download the freedom app you can learn from the agriculture and you can increase your motivation there are courses related to agriculture I will see all of them and change your life I am ending this program Namaste