 MUSIC I have come to a farm. In this one acre area, I will show you how much trees are planted, how they are fed, and how much profit is made from it. But before that, let's see the BMM farm. Tadaaaan! So this is the BMM organic farm. Here in this one acre area, 200 trees are planted. So let's see how it is done. Here, they have grown crops for water. If something happens to the water, it will help the farmers to get water from here. As you can see, there are many trees. The trees are very strong. The specialty of this farm is that the trees cannot be planted on their own. So, if you want to plant trees, you need to have a special plant. If you have a plant nearby, it will be alive because of the plant's energy. So, if you plant trees, you cannot plant them on your own. So, I want to support that. Only then, the trees will grow well, and your Srikandha tree will grow well. There are 15 varieties of trees in the world. But India has the Australian sandal. The Australian sandal has two sides. It is the best in the world. Especially, the Indian sandal is very expensive. So, we thought, if we do this agriculture, we will be very profitable. In 2001, we noticed that even if we plant trees, the government would have taken over. But now, the government wants to promote this. If you plant sandal, the Srikandha tree will grow well. But, the government will take over. So, even if you plant one tree, the government will not register it. But, you can grow this tree in your farm. If you do this as your children, usually, if you plant this tree for 30 years, you will get a lot of money. But, unfortunately, we are not taking any scientific methods. If we take all these, we will get good food. In 15 years, we will get that profit. In 30 years, in 15 years, in 30 years, we will get profit. So, now, we are seeing these trees in this farm. These trees have been planted for 2 years. So, it has been 2.5 years. It has been 3 years. We can see these mixed trees here. If you look at the trees that have been planted for 10 years, they have grown well. They will get at least 3 crore rupees. At least. Because, the rates will change. But still, when we cut the trees, we will get soft wood. That's why, there is not much of a difference. But, in the middle, there is a difference. If you have a tree that is 2 feet tall, you will get 70 to 80 kg of hard wood. But, the difference is very big. So, another thing is, our Karnataka oil is being used by the government to make our oil. Do you know how much it costs? 1 kg oil costs 5 lakhs rupees. Just imagine, half a gram of oil costs 2.5 lakhs rupees. One gram of oil costs 5 lakhs rupees. If you are doing this farming, you have to feed the tree for 1 to 2 years. Because, when you are young, it is difficult to grow a tree or a fungus. If you are just feeding it for 3 years, you will be able to grow a tree in 10 years. You will be able to live with a guarantee. If you are just feeding the tree, it will not grow. Because, it will only grow. So, you need to have another tree. You can use a host plant. The tree will start to grow slowly. The tree will grow slowly. The tree will grow slowly. The tree will grow slowly. The tree will grow slowly. The tree will grow slowly. The tree will grow slowly. It should have a single tree. You need to take care of one more thing. If you are just feeding the tree, don't feed it for more than 3 or 4 years. If you want to plant a big tree, you have to wait for at least 2 minutes. When you see the tree, you want to plant it. But before thinking about the tree, you have to think about the consequences. Planting the tree is not a big deal. It is a big deal to save the tree from the rocks. When the tree is in a situation to be cut, the rock is very strong. So your security system should be strong. You have to invest a little to make the tree grow. You can see the options for this. There are CCTV cameras, fencing, solar fencing. You can see the security measures. If you have two leaders, you can plan your area according to your budget. You have to save the tree from the rocks. If you plant the tree from the rocks, you will have to go through a lot of trouble. Another thing we see in advance is that the tree has a chip. The chip can be controlled by the forest department. So even if someone steals your tree, they will know where the tree is. How should we start the plantation? How should we start? What should be the security system? We have to first understand this. Then we have to know how to get the trees. How to feed them. How to get the trees for 6 to 7 months. We have to look at this carefully for 3 years. We will give you another benefit after the big one. We have to look at how to take care of it when it is small. We have to learn from each one. If you start this, you will have to cultivate it for at least 10 years. If you cultivate it for a good year, it will be a guarantee. In our Freedom Map, Sandalwood, Sri Gandha's organic farming course, they will start this. When they start, they don't have money. They change the money they earn to get land. They start this. They are very happy today. Another good thing is that this farm is their farm. Mangalamma is their name. I will tell you how they started, how their journey was, how much they spent, and how their life has changed in the next episode. So, this BMM farm was a practical experience for me. But how their journey was, how hard it was to start this farm, and how they are happy. If they start this, they will be a millionaire. They will get the award they want and get it no matter what. So, you too, after knowing their journey, if you want to do something, you should definitely do it. If you don't, you should definitely award it. It will be very profitable. So, I will see you in the next episode. Till then, take rest. Don't miss an episode. If you miss this series, you will be in a loss. Bye-bye. .