沒關係 We have to get ready we have a work order Tonight we're больш put you inside It's a joke Aha Sna-a-etry. My name is Raju. I am from Shikarapuram, Shimakazh. I have been doing this for the last 12 years. It's been 12 years now. I have come to take my nursery. I was paying Rs.25-30 per month. I have been doing nursery since childhood. I have also put up a forest as a nursery. How many acres of sandalwood have you planted? This is the total of 20 acres. It's been 11 years since I started this. I have planted 20 acres. It's been 3-4 years since I started this. I have planted 12 acres. I have planted 12 acres of sandalwood. How much will you get for a year? How much will you get for a acre? We have planted 17 acres of sandalwood. Some farmers say that they will get 15-20 acres of sandalwood. We think that we need 20 years to get the sandalwood. We have thought that we will get Rs.2 lakhs per acre. We have thought that we will get Rs.2 lakhs per acre. Is that 37 acres? It's been 20 acres for the last 12 years. We have a chance to get Rs.60-300 crores. In 2002, there was an amendment in the forest that anyone can plant sikandana. Then someone planted a sikandana. That was the government's decision. In 2002, after the government's decision, anyone can plant sikandana. The farmers started planting sikandana after the government's decision. They have planted sikandana in Kuala Lara, Chinthamani, Chikbalapura. This is the land that we got from Karnataka. Before, we had sikandana. Now, we have sikandana in the international market. Now, we have sikandana. The farmers are planting sikandana everywhere. They are giving prasadam to the farmers. The farmers are planting sikandana. They say that sikandana will be planted for 20 years. But sikandana can be planted in 20 years. They say that sikandana will get Rs.1-2 lakhs per acre. But we will see the future. We are planting sikandana with hope. How long should the plantations be? We plant sikandana for 10-15 years. We collect seedlings from the trees and plant them. We plant sikandana only in the middle. We don't plant sikandana in the middle. The farmers plant sikandana in the front. But they know that there are big trees. They plant sikandana in the middle. We plant sikandana only in the middle. We don't plant sikandana in the middle. In the forest, small arhows will get seeds. They plant them under 10 lakhs. How long can we do this? Then we can collect the sikandana and plant sikandana. We sow sikandana on the site for 3-4 years. Then we collect sikandana and sow seeds. If there is no good soil, everything is wasted. So we should plant in a good place. We should plant only in a place where there is good soil and good soil. In Karnataka, which area can we plant Srikandha Krishna? And which soil can we plant Srikandha Krishna in? In Karnataka, all areas can be planted. But the soil in the campsite is red soil. Red soil is very dry. Red soil is very good. Red soil is very good. Red soil is good. Red soil is very good. How long can you plant the Srikandha Krishna? We can plant it for 6 to 8 months. We can plant it from the bottom. It should be 2 feet high. It will give good growth. It will be good if it rains more. It will be good if it rains more. If it is small, it will grow fast. We have planted a big tree. What are the measures to be taken to plant the Srikandha Krishna? We can plant it in many different ways. We can plant it as a supporting plant. We can plant it as a supporting plant. If we plant 6 to 7 plants, we can plant it. If we plant a small plant, we can plant a large plant. That will last for a year. If it grows for a lifetime, we can plant a support plant. If we plant a tree, it will be supported. If we plant it in many different ways, it will dry. Some plant it in 10 to 10 ways. It will dry in 5 to 10 ways. If we plant it in 1 acre, it will grow 300 plants. If we plant it in 10 to 10 ways, it will grow 400 plants. Some foreigners say that it will grow 15 to 15. We have planted it in 10 to 10 ways. It will dry in 10 to 10 ways. What are the measures to be taken to plant a secondary house plant? We can plant anything that is áll, at good sold season. Later on, we can plant any seed at any time anywhere in the world. pollinated by wind shocks. So we should plant only what we can sixty percent of what we Saturday needs. Every weekend we can make We can plant it like that. After planting, how do you manage it? We can plant it and then we can drip it. We can plant a sprinkler and then we can grow other plants. We can grow all the fruits of the crop. We can grow the plants in the garden. After the drip, we can plant any kind of sprinkler. If we plant it here, it will be a good soil. If we plant it here, it will be a good soil. If we plant it in the same soil, it will be a good soil. We can help the sprinkler drip by watering it. We can help the sprinkler drip by watering it. We water it once a week, not on weekends. We water it once every 15 days. We water it once every 15-20 days. We have stopped watering since this year. We should not water it after 18 years. Growth, health, heart health, health is not good. We have stopped watering. We should not stress the plants. We have stopped watering since this year. We should not water it after 18 years. It is said that heart health is good. We have stopped watering.