で ProductionPreferences Filmmaker Anchor No matter how an actor- ah! who achieved successopposing an Globe O Kindern all those grafts will face the samef They have been producing the same material for a long time. So, till now, the Srikand has been standing on the ground. So, the Srikand is very expensive. Some industries depend on the Srikand's price. They are not doing their own plantation. I will tell you about the Panparag industry. In Mandhya Pradesh, there is a small place. They do their own plantation there. They do their own business. They do Panparag. So, the Panparag industry is based on the need to grow a crop. The Srikand's oil is used to grow crops. Otherwise, the crop is not grown. So, the Srikand's oil is used to grow crops. That is why the Srikand's oil is called as Fixity. The Srikand's oil is needed because of that property. They are growing their own plantation. So, in Karnataka, the Srikand is known to other countries. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. They are growing their own plantation. Why is that ? If we compare the Srikand's oil to Srikand's oil, we should know the economics of Srikand. Because, in Srikand, we have more challenges. What is it ? We know the seedlings, how they grow and how they grow. We should cover the color of the soil. We should study the damage of Srikand. We should study the damage of Srikand. We should do the right marketing. We should do the right marketing. We should do the right marketing. When we see such a challenging crop, when we see that other crops are better than this, and we get a good price, we should know how much this costs. If we know how much this costs, if we have a way, we should take a decision to buy that or buy something else. Economics of sandal is very important. When we talk about economics of sandal, if we look at the complexity of sandal, we can understand how much salt is there. The reason for challenging sandal is that it is not just one seed. If we want to grow another crop, we need to call it an alternate host. It is grown in different stages and in different trees. So it is a bit challenging. If we understand all these complexities, then economics will be understood. First, the price of sandal is high, then the price of sandal, then the price of sandal, and then the price of the other host. There is a lot of growth in this. So economics will also vary. So selection of the other host is also important. And then decision making. Decision making is important in every stage. If you make a decision in any stage, you can observe the changes in the changes. I will tell you about that in the next lesson. These are all different crops. Just like the one we planted in Gendipatta, there are a few. This is called Shivni. It was grown in Andhra Pradesh. It is called Sri Gandhiji. But we have not received any papers or thetas from this. So we are not saying that it is grown or not. This is called Shivni. It is a small tree. It is a tree that is very tall. It is not a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. It is a tree that can be dripped. With regards to where economics can fail, is something that I have ready in the goal. First, we must choose a location, place to demolish the earth. We must consider that area. See that area that we need to see. Now as you can see we can see that in the sand, there are two sides to it. What do we do first? To punish the sand that taped out of sand is we examine if the land is not polluted. That is something that we can If you have a pH of 7.5 to 7.5, it is safe. pH means we have reduced the concentration of hydrogen ion. That's the thing. You understand? We have reduced the concentration of hydrogen ion. That pH is very important. Why? Because if the pH is of any imbalance, the plants cannot move properly in the soil. The plants cannot absorb the soil properly. If the pH is neutral, absorption and exchange of ions is done correctly in the soil. The soil cannot move properly. That's why we have reduced the pH. We have reduced the organic carbon content. The organic carbon contains as much carbon as the ion. If the organic carbon content is good, the oxygen content will be high. If you have absorbed enough nutrients, you can take it and supply it to the soil. That's why we have reduced the pH. After the soil test, they say that the soil is neutral. You can grow the seed in this soil without any problem. We have done the research. We have selected a seed for the next month. After checking the selected seed, we have done the land preparation. The land preparation is done. The land preparation is done by the use of more stones, stones and stones. The land has been used, so you can useful. After bettering the expenses, the plants need to be maintained. For this the usage SOLIDELY prepared the land, Sesame seeds, tap rhythm, pruning etc., have much efforts ability. When you select the seeds, the lands will suffer from smaller expenses. It will be個 Nvidiaroyalap United Sh paint. Selection of land is very important. slope, water should flow cleanly Now your land is ready, you have to do planting You have given the slope, you have to do land preparation After land preparation, next question comes What should we do next? First we have to do, after land preparation is done, we have to do pitting We have given 11 meter slope, we have done 11 meter slope, we are ready We are going to do pitting After pitting, we have to go to forest department, give application Sir, I have done this much of work, in this subsidiary, I have raised crores of rupees If you give me any evidence, it will be ready You have to do planting in June, you know that, the month starts in June You have to do planting So before planting, do pitting When to do pitting, how to do pitting, at what distance to do pitting Why to do pitting? These questions come to mind Right? To do pitting, I have to cut the grass Usually we recommend to cut the grass at 45 cm, 45 cm and 45 cm One row, one row, one row, cut the grass Why to cut the grass one row, one row? Because one row, one row grass is there, correctly to the seedling, the earth, the sassi That size of pitting is correct To do pitting, at what time to do pitting? Question mark, right? If I have to do planting in June, Should I do it one month before or three months before? Question mark Whenever you have to do pitting, you should not think about doing pitting in January, February Why? Because in January, February, winter ends, the base starts From March, April, full base What happens in that base? You have not given the pitting, right? When you do pitting, the soil is exposed to the sun's rays The sun's rays are visible on the soil, right? When the hill is built, when the hills are there, it is visible One row After pitting, I have to do it three times First, the topsoil, 15 cm topsoil, that is the ground of the field The ground of the field is taken one side, the ground coming down is taken the other side Next, when the hill is built, in February, March, the hill is built After a few days, the soil is dry and the soil is separated Next, planting is done To do the planting, we have to remove the plastic cover from the seedling After removing the plastic cover, we have to put the seedling After putting the seedling, when the hill is built, the soil is removed from the ground After removing the plastic cover, you have to put the seedling in the farm yard For one box of 2 kgs, 3 kgs, you have to put the seedling in the farm yard If the seedling is not mixed with the soil, the water holding capacity will be high When you do the planting, you have to do the flood irrigation for the seedlings For the seedlings to grow well, you have to do the flood irrigation When you start planting in June, one rain will fall, another will come and you will not know If you do not take this risk, you will grow well with the first seedling If you grow well with the second seedling, you will grow well with the third seedling