 You have also grown plants. First of all my farm there was my uncle's farm In my uncle's farm, some is not coming even a few average plants So, when I asked them, they said I need to make a specialize try to grow it So, we started a farm in my brother This so far we have planted a tree Till now we have come here 7 years back! and now we are 7.8 years Some more times it is getting boring From there, the more host we give , the more the grandmother and father, 가 entwined The maximum used is just around From karnataka neighborhoods From Chamarajaesи nagara to kola or chikbalapura especially here in Srikanth, the oil content is high. Percent of sanitary is high. So, the belt farmers can pay attention to this. They can put something on the belt and wait for the rain to stop. They can put the belt on the belt and wait for the rain to stop. You have to put the belt on the belt for 3-4 years and wait for the rain to stop. It is not easy to grow corn. It takes 3 years to grow corn and then it rains. After that, you can grow rice. You can grow rice in a tractor for 3 years. You can grow rice in a tractor for 3 years. You can grow rice in a tractor for 3 years. What kind of corn do you need? You can grow corn in a pot. You don't need any other mineral. You can grow your own tea or other things. You can grow your own tea or other things. You can grow your own tea or other things. You can grow your own tea or other things. If you don't have enough water for the base, you can use one or two sacks of water. How long will the oil develop? According to the environment, some people ask for 10 years, some people ask for 15 years, some people ask for 20 years. If you get all the natural ingredients, you will get oil from 4-5 years. Oil will start to form from 4-5 years. I have seen in my garden that the oil has been formed from 4 years. But the oil content is very low. It has started from 4 years to form a hot wood. I have read in my book that it is formed naturally in our garden. It can take 15 years to form. Some people get it for 10 years, some people get it for 15 years. There is a difference between 10 years and 15 years. For 10 years, you can get 5 kg or 3 kg of tea. For 15 years, you can get 10 kg, 12 kg or 20 kg. You can see how the wood is for the morning, and you can see what you have done. The only thing is that the white ants, the gendarmes, they eat a lot of the earth. If you see them in a hurry, you will not find any other kind of plants. Is it suitable for red soil or black soil? Is it suitable for red soil or black soil? It can be suitable for all soils. But what is the oil content? Red loom is oil, or the earth is made of stone, small stones, and if there is red soil, it is very good. It is good for all. It is good for all. But oil content is more in these areas. What is the security? You have to take care of the security. No one else has come and taken care of it. So, you cannot do it. They just say that you can do this and that. Fencing and then do it. If you do it on a small scale, it will be very difficult. Because it is difficult to take care of everything by putting 500 to 1000 trees. Because the money you earn will be taken care of. For that, if the farmers do it on a large scale, 2000 to 3000 trees, usually 400 trees are put in the IDL. We have done it on a high density. We have put 600 to 700 trees. Now, comfort. That is a good method. There is enough land, even if it is dry land, to do it in 5 acres, what will happen? You can put all the money, the work, and it will be profitable. If you do it for 10 years, the seeds will come, the Srikandha seeds, they will come and give you 100 to 150 rupees per kg. From that, you will get profit. If you do it for 10 years, you will get profit. You can put 10 to 20 trees there, or you can put whatever you want, and you can get profit from that. What about the blood donation? We have 1000 blood donations in our village. It has been 8 to 6 years. We have not done a single plantation. Every year, during the rainy season, we do a plantation. We have been replanting the trees. We have all the stages in our farm. We have 4 to 8 years of trees. We do it every morning. We should do the same for everyone. If we do not do a single plantation, it will not grow. Then, you will not be able to reach the expectations you have. So, is there a silver rush in the soil? Yes, there is a silver rush. All the trees support that. There is no such host or such Allah. There may be more hosts. Nimbus, Mosambi, all these are very good hosts. C.B.A.s, all these. But, every tree is taken from the roots, and that is the host. There is no such species. There is no need for anything. There is no need for any kind of trees. So, when the trees come, the roots are taken from the roots? Yes, as I said, you can take the roots, and plant them, and open grazing the plants. Open grazing is not possible until 3 to 4 years. Because, every root, when it comes, it is eaten by the plant. If it is 5 to 6 feet high, after 3 to 4 years, you can open graze it. Is there any problem with the permission of the forest department? There is no problem. The forest department will supply you with trees for 3 rupees a month, and they will give you the amount you want. It is better to look at the good trees and buy trees from the good seeded trees. Don't go to the nurses and say that this is a tree, or that is a tree, and don't go to the nurses. You can buy the natural forest from the trees, and buy the trees from the trees. There is no need to say that you have cultured trees, and you can grow them fast. When the trees grow fast, the oil content is only shown. If you have cultured trees, you can grow them fast, but there is no oil content. Until now, there is no proof. There is no need to buy trees for 50 or 100 rupees. Just buy trees from the trees in the forest or in the nurses. You can buy trees for 1 or 2 rupees in the nurses. You can do that. Do that. Don't think about the cost of the trees and the cost of the trees. Just look at the trees and see if you can do that. Don't believe in that. Do your best. When you grow trees in parallel, you will get a guarantee for a bank deposit. When you grow 1000 trees, you can buy 500 trees. You can buy 100 trees from the white ants. You can buy 500 trees in 1000 trees and keep them for 15 years. You can do whatever you want in your life. Do you contact the nurses for saplings? We don't go to the nurses for saplings. We don't contact them. We don't touch them. You can ask the nurses locally. You can ask the government nurses or some places where you can trust them. We have Chintamani, Srinivasapura, Kolar, and other places. All the nurses have passed resolutions in the forest department. They want to do the same in every other nursery. If you ask all the forest departments, they will give you the information and guide you. You can ask them locally. Do you have any tips to prevent the cold? I don't know how many tips have been used to prevent the cold. I just want you to stay at home. That's the only thing that's important. If the government helps, the police helps, there will be no one at that time. So, do fencing and take care of yourself. If you have a dog or something, it's better to take care of yourself.