 Now, every day, we are bringing to you the stories of the four parts of the state, the farmer Yashogathe and their experiences. But today, we are introducing you to various farmers. Yes, from a young age, they grow and grow and grow new crops. They are inspired by these farmers. Gandhada Bedu, Sri Gandhada Nadu, is a famous state in Karnataka. We must be proud of this. First, the farmers of Sri Gandhada did not grow their crops on their own land. But, there is no problem. The government is also encouraging this growing. So, the farmer's farming has started in different parts of the state since the last few years. Many farmers have grown their crops since the last few days. In the small village of Bailusime, Gopalakrishna, Kolar district, Sri Gandhada, a small farmer has grown his crop in 12 acres. Here, you are seeing the half-settled village of Kolar, the garden of Gopalakrishna. The fields of Sri Gandhada here are about 6 years old. There are no more than 2000 trees here. The farmers are trying to get water from the water source. Sri Gandhada Faravalambi Gita. The farmer Gopalakrishna says that the crop has been grown in the garden. In the half-settled village, in survey no. 59, I have grown 12 acres of Sri Gandhada. When I grow Sri Gandhada, I want to plant Faravalambi with it. The water source is not sufficient for this garden. So, we have planted it with this garden. It needs water for 2 years. We have planted it with drip. The reason for the pruning is that the Gita has developed. We have not done pruning from the lower part of the Gita. We have taken only 3 feet of the Gita from the lower part. We have taken the soil from the lower part of the Gita. We have left everything there. It has been 6 years since we have planted it. It is not growing well until it is fully grown. It is growing slowly. The reason is that the soil is not growing well. The department says that the soil will start growing after 10-12 years. As per me, it will take 20 years. Today, people want to plant the soil. They are preparing for the soil to be planted in the farm. Now, more than 500 people have planted the soil. We are planting the seeds in the middle. The seeds are the flour, tomatoes, beans, papaya. We have done all kinds of pruning and we have been doing it for 6 years. We have taken the soil from the soil and we are doing it. Sri Gandha is a very strong tree. It is a big fear for the farmers who are trying to plant the soil. The trees that have been planted for 20 years, if they are not fed, they become very expensive and can be used for destruction. It takes time and effort. So, the government should make a good arrangement for the protection of Sri Gandha trees. This is the opinion of Gopalakrishna. Today, if it is smelly, all the farmers will be scared. If it is smelly, they will plant it in the DC office, in the government buildings, in the forest. They will be scared of how you will improve. We have planted it. We have asked the government to give subsidies to the Pensing. If we give subsidies, after 8-9 years, we should save the trees from dogs and dogs. This is a soap factory in Maratha. In Mysore soap factory, there is a factory in Bengaluru. They will make an agreement there. If we have the same rate, they will give it to us and they will make an agreement that we will purchase it. But I have not made any other agreement. The profit of this smelly crop is for the farmers. Today, if tomatoes are grown, the rates will not be high. So, the farmers will suffer a lot. Because, as you can see, the rate we get today, the same rate is given to every farmer twice. So, the rate is reduced and the farmers are in a situation to commit suicide by using the same rate. For that, in our village, in the 8 acres of land, we get the smelly crop, flour, papaya and salt. The profit is there. After the land is made of the smelly crops, the farmers have to take care of their health. The farmers pick up all the seeds from the ground and bring them to the ground. This is a good time to harvest the seeds. The farmers pick up the small seeds and feed them to the seeds and the flies. The farmers have no permission to harvest the smelly crop. The law has been broken. The farmers can harvest the smelly crop easily without any tension. For this, the farmers and the farmers are also getting full support. First, we saw the smelly crop in the forest. But, in 2001, the government gave the smelly crop to the farmers. The law allows the farmers to harvest the crop. In this state, in about 1000 acres of land, the crop is being harvested. In the forest and the forest area, the farmers are getting full support from the farmers. In the first year, the farmers get 40,000 hectares of support. When the farmers harvest the smelly crop, the government has to send the nurses or the foresters to the forest to harvest the crop. We are promoting this program called National Ayesh Mission from the Horticulture Department. The smelly crop is legalized. The farmers can harvest the crop in their own land. There are no other opportunities. So, now, the government has legalized this. The forest department and the foresters are providing the farmers with support to harvest the crop. We are promoting this program. The farmers are getting the crop. In the last three years, we have got 40 hectares of the smelly crop. The crop is not harvested by the monocrop, but by the intercrop. The farmers are getting the crop. In the first year, we give 40,000 hectares of the smelly crop to the farmers. In the second year, we give 10,000 hectares. In the first two years, we give 50,000 hectares of the crop to the farmers. They can get the crop in their own land. They don't have to do anything else. The seedlings of the smelly crop are available in the forest department. In our land, we get only the smelly crop. So, the farmers have to get the crop from the recognized farms. They have to get the crop from the forest department. Before getting the crop, they have to register in our department. We have a website called Fruits and Haseeru. They have to register in that website. We also issue them a work order. After that, they can get the seedlings from the NHP accredited or forest department and get the crop from their department. The next process is to apply the seedlings. We submit the seedlings to the farmers and we use the RTA to deposit the seedlings to their account. It's very simple. As simple as in our other departments or schemes, it is very simple to grow and get benefits from the department. In the majority of Kolaraj, farmers can see how the crop is growing in tomato, flour, potato, and other types. Along with that, there is a lot of other things. But instead, the farmers have these kinds of seeds, blood, smell, and the price of the seedlings is much higher. For the last 8-10 years, the farmers have been showing the desire of the farmers in the Sri Gandha agriculture. The farmers get 100 rupees in aid for the construction of the farms for three years. The government's budget or the government's budget for the companies that are in need of a farm is the right of the area. The area has become a part of the rural community. We have raised more than 10 lakhs of our crop to the Sri Gandha farmers. The farmers are very happy. The current rate of the crop is 2000 rupees per kg. The farmers can grow more and more. It is a world of caution. We can plant a lot of seeds in the land. If we plant it in a proper way, it will be very good. We can plant it in a proper way. The farmers are planting seeds in the middle of the farm. Some are planting it with the seeds. Some are planting it in the middle of the fields like papaya, horticulture species. They are planting it in the middle. If we plant it with other plants, it will be good. The farmers are planting it with soap and detergent or with handicrafts. We can plant it in a proper way. It is a bit difficult to plant it directly. There is no market. If we want to plant it, we can give it to the Sri Gandha farmers according to the standard rates. The Chippalwadi School is a good place to plant it. It is a good place to plant it. It is a good place to plant it. It is a good place to plant it. The Sri Gandha farmers are getting new food. The government is trying to encourage the farmers to plant it. But to protect the farmers from the trees that are standing, the Chippalwadi school is also being researched. The Sri Gandha farmers are getting the knowledge as soon as possible. Raghuraj, News 18 Kannada, Kuala Lumpur. Plantation is not an issue. The government is also trying to encourage the farmers to plant it. There is no problem with the construction. There is no problem with the construction. The farmers are conducting a great test in this. When will it be? The rain, the wind, the heat, the heat and the heavy rain are all being tested. The farmers are getting new food. The farmers are getting new food. There is a problem with the forest. The farmers are growing paddy from 6 acres of land. There are about 50 to 300 paddy fields. The farmers are getting new food. The fields are growing well. The land is not suitable for the paddy fields. The land is not suitable for the paddy fields. The farmers supply it to the government. The government supplies it to the government. The land has a 30 foot strip. It is not suitable for the paddy fields. This will determine 양 upgrading escaping water pressure,pine prison periods info. The profit is shown in the current system. After 3 years of the country, the economic recovery should be 8 years. The recovery has been in progress for the last 3 years. The current rate of the company is 4 tons more than the previous one. The average expenditure is 45 to 40 thousand rupees. This is our work. We have been doing this for 3 years. The cutting has been started from the 7th year. The recommended time is 3 years after the harvest. But we have started the harvest after the 7th year. We have started the harvest after the 3rd year. The reason is that we have not installed the new plant. The harvest has started after 3 years. We can continue to harvest for 30 to 35 years. The cost of the plant is less. The cost of the plant is less. The cost of the plant is less. We have been cutting the labour for 10 years. We have been cutting the labour for 10 years. Arvind Lingadhal has been working in the farm. He has been working in the farm for 7 years. He has worked in the farm from 33 to 48 tons. We know the quality of the plough. We know the quality of the plough. We have seen that the crop is not improved. We have seen that the crop is not improved. I grown three acres of rice. I have started working in the farm. I have started working in the farm. I have grown one or two acres of rice. The plan was made by the government. Anadatha Karikramavanna illige muktaayi gulusthai divi, naalai mathe bheti agona. Ali vargu northari, NUZE18 Kannada. Jala namadhu, bala nimadhu.