 Music Music Music Music Music Do it again with love We should not damage the trees, we should look after the trees We should not look at any trees, we should look at the trees Because if we look inside, we should be careful If the borers come and attack us, we should look at them We should take air and spray it If we spray it inside, we will not get oxygen If we spray it inside, we will die What will they do? They will spray pesticides on the trees We should have water that is full Because when we spray it inside, we should use perfume, scent, oil We should use chemicals When we use oil, does it become chemical or pesticide? It becomes pesticide Can we use organic fertilizers? I have not used nitraryfixing tree, I have used other one Can we use inorganic fertilizers? What is inorganic fertilizer? It is used for the first initial stage of the establishment When the soil is less, the bear spreads and the other bear is not able to eat nutrients The plant suffers from this When the soil is less, the bear is not able to eat nutrients The plant suffers from this 50-100 grams of soil is used to grow It is not enough to grow a meter or 50 cm We use coconut to make a trench We use water to make a trench The soil gets heated The bear gets heated The water gets heated The water gets heated Coconut is not that hot The soil gets heated But after that, when the soil is less, the formation of hardwood starts When the formation of hardwood starts, we check it If someone asks, how is the formation of hardwood? How do you know that it is formation of hardwood? Normally, if the hardwood is not formed in sand, it will keep on getting and it will not become smooth When the hardwood starts, it starts to crack When the hardwood is full, it starts to crack The first clue is that the hardwood is not formed After that, you use an increment borer to check Now, we have a machine called Electrodes de Toma We use that and we pass a small current through the wood We pass the current through the wood After passing the current, the current moves through the wood We capture it and put it in the computer We know that it is a hardwood and not a hardwood Now, we will do it We will give a small template We will give a small template We will use an invasive method, non-damaging and non-destructive method After 6 years, 8 years, we should check the hardwood We should check carefully What should we do if the hardwood is not formed? Someone might say that the hardwood is not formed after 8 years But, it is scientifically proven that we should induce the formation of hardwood But, generally we say that Why do we use this Srikandha Marana? Why do we use this Srikandha Marana? Generally, we say that Why do we use this Srikandha Marana? Why do we use it in a place where the base is low or the soil is low? Because it gives different stress What happens when stress is given? The hardwood starts inside There is a bill and some literatures are written But, we don't know how to stress it The stress is the reason for the formation of hardwood What we do is We disturb the root area We touch the root If we disturb it, the formation of hardwood will be compromised Water will be reduced It will be more whistly All these things induce the formation of hardwood But, we haven't got any correct literature proof We should listen to the other side Usually, when we go to dry land, the formation of hardwood is faster It has more oil percentage If you go to the Malar Chimmanu, there is a lot of vegetative growth Hardwood is less in the north Or, in the south, the oil percentage is less This is the way we do it We do it by listening This will also die by this year You know it, the house will also die The investors will prepare We should support this Any fruit trees, you can plant them in the local area You should have a plan This will be done by this year I am an astrologer, I will estimate the stock You should know it We will tell you the distance between 5 and 5 But, you should decide the distance between the 4 report and the 4 report If you go to Tiptur, the coconut trees will die in 20 feet If you go to Chimmanur, the distance will be less Do you understand? In Tiptur, the coconut trees will die in 20 feet If you go to Chimmanur, the trench will be filled with water I mean, the people will be able to control the situation And the people will be able to control the situation I am talking about the general situation Sir, you are not saying that it is a big deal If you can do something less, it is good You can do it for 4 or 5 or 4 You can decide it by yourself That is the important thing What happened? Did you do any protection? Did you come to the forest? Where did you come? How many years did you stay? 6 to 8 years Heartwood formation was initiated Heartwood formation was initiated and it was still there until 2015 You can say that you are still in the business of it You have more profit I am not saying that it is not there But you will be getting tight You will be getting tight for 3 to 4 months You will be getting tight You will be getting tight You will be getting tight That is why we are asking you for 15 years You can save at least 12 years You will get 10 kg of wood from the entrance You will get 10 kg of wood from the entrance Okay? After that you have to agree with KSDL You have to know the procedure of MOV After agreeing, they will come to your place They will go to the forest They will give an application to the forest department You have to give the filing permission I have done this What is this RTC? RTC RTC means entry I have entered from Sandalwood, Beledi You have to give the proof You have to give the proof They will give you the filing permission You have to give the filing permission They will go to the forest The forest department They will put the wood with moisture content on you They will give you a small amount of water They will put that water on you and dressing it They will dress it, put it in the forest They will put it in the forest They will see how much water comes from the forest It is a category They will give you a category They will multiply the categories Suppose you want 3 kg of wood If you have an average category, you will get Rs 6000 If you put it in the last category, it will be 12,000. That's what KHDO gives. There are many challenges. So for that, you should now make an association with the farmers and make a meeting with the farmers and discuss with the ministers last year in November and give such a classification that the people of Tipu are not able to get that system. We are not accepting that now. Because that classification has been made. The classification that is made for trees that are in the forest. In the country, the farmers are not able to get the trees or the trees that are in the forest. So, don't give this classification. Make four classifications. One is STEM, one is root, one is sap, one is dust and one is bark. Fix a rate for these four classifications.