 The farmers who grew up in the Kandada temple are not capable of earning crores of rupees. The farmer is not capable of making a living by earning crores of rupees. No, the times have changed. Every farmer can earn crores of rupees in just 100 Shrikandas. Yes, one Shrikanda Gita can earn at least one lakh rupees and earn one crore rupees in 100 Shrikandas. Shrikanda, the time when our country's poverty increased, in 1960, the country was in a state of extreme poverty. At that time, 4,000 acres were produced and even the land was made. Even today, there is a need for a land for the Shrikanda of India and Australia. India's Shrikanda is in a position of prosperity than any other state. Moreover, the environment of our country has also been given to the Shrikanda. In 2026, the Shrikanda was converted into a 2,9 million crore land. Even today, there is a demand for 6,000 to 7,000 tons of Shrikanda. Cosmetic companies and perfume companies are growing rapidly. Moreover, in the coming days, the farmers have a great opportunity in Shrikanda agriculture. From the perspective of the demand for a crore of acres of agriculture, the Freedom App Research Team has designed the Shrikanda agriculture course. The Shrikanda farmer who has grown Shrikanda in 100 acres and brought the farmers in the middle, and has grown Shrikanda in 5,000 acres, Sadhaka Ramesh Valluutagi, will give you a tour of Shrikanda agriculture. What can we learn from this course? Course introduction, roadside introduction, Shrikanda agriculture, how much land and land do you need, what kind of encouragement does the government give, what kind of permission do you need, how is the soil and air quality, how to make the soil, what kind of soil, how much water do you need, how much is the need for the crop, how to build it, what is the permission from the area of the land, how to protect and protect it, how to maintain it, how to maintain it, how to maintain it, how to make Shrikanda agriculture a success, how to export it, finally, you can learn about the cost and profit. You can learn Shrikanda agriculture through various modules. You will get a certificate when this course is completed. Not only that, but also the freedom app marketplace, where you can buy more than one crore freedom apps, you can also change your product without any intention. So, if you want to grow Shrikanda agriculture and earn millions, why not download the freedom app now?