 Om Namaste. I was saying, you are coming as a special guest, I am a fan of yours. You are known as the Karnataka Sandalwood lady. You have been a mentor to many people in our financial freedom app and inspired many people. I first heard about you. A video of you was viral. You have been talking about how to grow sugarcane and other things. You have been talking about how to tell people. A video of you talking to a farmer was viral. When I saw that, I thought, how can they talk so well? They are not so good at talking. After that, you came to Weekend with Ramesh. Even when you were talking, I listened to your words. I told my team, Suresh sir came to your town and shot a video with you. Thank you so much for taking a course with our app. We are all your fans. Balasubramanian fans. You have been talking about your talent in Karnataka. I want to ask you a question. Many people know that you go to a man's house, you quit engineering, you reject the offer of work and you give up agriculture when you are alone at home. But today, many women have a problem. They want to do agriculture or something else. But home work is not over. You have managed well. How do you manage your work at home, get involved in agriculture and do so many things in agriculture? I work from 5 am in the morning. If I work from 5 am, the laborers will work from 6 am. If I work from 9 am, they work from 10 am. So I have learned to work from dawn till dusk. I work from 5 am in the morning. I start working from 6 am to 7 am. I have to make bread, vegetables, food and drink. I tell my daughters that we work hard and we get leadership qualities. We get lazy and we have to live like slaves. I request my daughters. I request my daughters. You have implemented leadership qualities. No one can stop you from becoming a boss. You will be active and your family will be active. That is why I request all the daughters to work from 5 am till 8 am. I sleep till 8 am. I am going to sleep at the show today. Otherwise, I will sleep at the end of the day. So I want to do it like this. Very nice. You have learned all these things in agriculture. If you want to learn this, of course, no one has done this before you. How did you learn this? My father used to say that I am lazy. I will do it like my father. How did you learn this new thing? How did you start to do this? I was raised by a man. I didn't know anything when I came to agriculture. I didn't know that he would come to eat food. I thought I would get it soon. I didn't have knowledge about it. But when I came to agriculture, I couldn't stop at this temperature. I went to Chakrabandha three times. That is the last temperature. It was 43, 44, 45 degrees. After coming to Chakrabandha three times, I couldn't control it. So I started to do it. When I started, it was not a fertile land. It was not a fertile land. I faced many problems in the beginning. I faced many problems. I faced many problems. I had to try something different. I didn't get any support. I had to pay Rs. 10000 for the last thing. I was very tensed. I had to change a little bit. I had a pomegranate in my hand. I have a lot of water problems. So I started with the pomegranate. I didn't use the pomegranate for a long time. I used a good quality, a king size, queen size. I used it and got a good rate. 180, 143, 153, 128. I got a good rate and got money. But the water level should not increase. I had a disease called bacteria blight disease. I was also a victim of it. Many people were confused about what to do with the disease. After the disease, I had to take back the money I had given. Because the Chennai flood had come and sealed the canal. I had to take back the money. I had to spend Rs. 25-30 lakhs. I had a desire to get Rs. 50-60 lakhs. But the flood had come and sealed the canal. When I was getting up, I was not able to hold the money. When I was awake, I started to ask for money. I had to stay away from relatives. I felt like I was in a state of emergency. When we asked for help, all our phones were switched off. Because everyone was fighting for their education. Everyone was fighting for their education. I was like that. I was living with the world outside. When he came home, he was talking about his life. How we were living, what we were doing in the society. I was thinking about what I would do with my money. When I was getting my money, everyone was fighting. I was fighting and I was a victim. That is not my story. It might be the story of all the Karnataka soldiers. I was not able to collect the money. I was in a state of depression. I was thinking about how I would fight and fight. I was thinking about how I would fight and fight. For all the Karnataka soldiers, I was thinking about a new system. I was thinking about a new system. I was thinking about how to bring agriculture into the fold. I was not able to do that. I was not able to do that. We were all in a state of depression. I was not able to do that. I was an agriculturalist. I was an agriculturalist. I tried to integrate agriculture. I tried to integrate agriculture. At first I thought about the Dalimba. At first I thought about the Dalimba. Today it is not a choice of the day. nature, our nature, how it was like in the beginning, when I first started to work on the good effort of the Anit, Sri Gandhaya, because in Taurvani Darwada, everyone has one in front of their house, in Sadhan Keri area. I was in Sadhan Keri. So I started to study why not do that. I did IWST, Indian War Science Technology, training, when I came here, everyone started to laugh. They were laughing, what comes here, in 45 degree temperature, what happens in the earth, half of it is not getting dried. What should I try now? They say, do the dhalimbe, and do the Tadakai, which is known to be bad. I didn't ask anyone then, I asked my heart. I asked, what did I do? I knew that Sri Gandhaya was a very good place, and it was in the Ashram of another place. So I did dhalimbe and held my hand, and I asked, what did I do this time? The way of the price, every price should be different. In that time, the prices I did in 48 acres, 10 tons, 2500 Sri Gandhya, 600 mao, 600 perala, 450 setapala, 100 bettad nelika, 100 neerlannu, 100 hunse annu, 100 bari annu, 100 karibevu, 800 sagvanigida, 100 nuggekai. Along with this, for the Kuri Saakani, Koli Saakani, for the Jain Saakani, I have done a lot of good work. Wow! The reason why I have done so much is, the way of the price, every price should be different. From 45 to 50 years, the rich people will not have enough money. Because the rich people will not be able to afford to buy a 1 lakh rupee house in the AC room. They have to pay the bills, they have to remember the rainy season, they have to walk in the cold season. Then, they will have two legs in the house. If they get the rate, they will give Rs.2000 for the house. If they don't get the rate, they will go to the rich people, they will not be able to talk with their eyes closed. Because they have done a lot. They will go to the rich people, and say, this year I will pay the rent, I will pay the rent for the next year. They will come with closed hands. Today, if I talk to you, don't think that you haven't seen me. I have lived thousands of years, I have been to many places. Now, I will put my trust in the rich people. Because the person who will be rich, he will be the one who will be rich. I have tried this for the last time. Wow, wow, wow. I am very happy. I think everyone appreciates that. I think, generally, you should be like this. Because you are doing a job, you are experimenting. Now, when you do it in your parents' house, if you do it in your parents' house, even if you are sleeping, it is easy to convince your parents. In your parents' house, in your uncle's house, in your husband's house, if you fail in one experiment, you won't get any other support. You will face them there, start over, win, come back, to your home, to your village, to Karnataka, you have become a hero. I think, amazing. That's amazing.