 But in the Jnana Bharatiya campus, 14 km away from the Vithanasavudha chamber, the Hindu householder Ashok is getting beaten up by his wife. But the government is holding hands with him. What is happening in the area next to us is that, the police and the police are being abused. They should be beheaded. Because no one can do this. That is why they are being beaten up. They should be killed. If they are not able to work, they should be sent to a department. If they are not able to work, then their work is a waste. They should be killed by their parents. If we are leaving them, then what is the use of calling them parents? They are orphans. The place where the criminals were seen, is not just a place. The police have kept them away from the area. But what is the answer to their legal efforts? There are 100 to 200 buildings. We have complained to the police. The police have told us to take them away. We have told the public that the police have told us to take them away. So many people are missing. We have checked the reality of their missing family. At midnight, we went to the VV campus. We ran in the place where the smell was. But no one asked us. From midnight, we ran around the campus for 6 hours. But we got a call from the Home Guard. When we spoke to them, we got to know some facts. We have no power to ride. We have no power to ride. We have no road. We have no station. We have no power to ride. We have no station. We have no power to ride. We have no station. We have nothing to do. Now we have to go back to the hostel. We have a lathe. We have to bring one of our own. We have a lathe. We don't need batteries. We don't need any equipment. But we have to send it to a place. If we don't have it on a cold day, that is okay. But if it is not on a cold day, I don't know what to do. That's my problem. I have given him a lot of money to build a house. He didn't give him a single torch. He didn't give him the right to study. So, he doesn't know when his eyes will come out. He doesn't know how he will be. He is in a state of not doing anything. After every two hours, they are wearing black dresses. They are watching us. They come to the bank. They come to the bank. A brother comes after 12 o'clock in the morning. Is he on a mission in the morning? No, he is there. He is there and he will see. He is there and he will see. A brother comes after 12 o'clock. I am here for work. When he comes, the machine will be cut and he will come. Madam, we have... Madam, I'm not getting out from the bus. He will come from Nayanalli. If you are a stone, what will they do? There are 63 home guards in Vishwavidyanile. What can they do? There are 5 entrances around Vishwavidyanile. But there are no check posts. During our reality check, police were checking vehicles. But they were not checking vehicles from Vishwavidyanile campus. Our country, our forest, our wealth, are not loved by the people. This is not possible for the society. These people are putting a board on the trees of Kilesakki forest. They are putting a board on the trees of Kilesakki forest. It is a crime to build these smelly houses. It is a duty to build and grow these houses. But the police and the university officials are forgetting their duty. The government should take a tough action against these officers. Otherwise, these smelly houses will be destroyed in the next day. I will be back with another news story. For Kshana Kshana Sudhi, this is Suvanna News 24x7. Thank you for watching. Kshana Kshana Sudhi