 Hi India, so today I am in Bangalore. Actually the rarest of rare person we are interviewing with personality regarding Sandalwood. Actually in recent days Sandalwood is booming a lot, you all know that right? So that's why the rarest of rare person, now I have come to Bangalore to interview. So we have Ananth Padmanabhan here. Hello sir. Hello. So we have come to interview with him. Actually he is the father of Sandalwood. So with them we will learn Sandalwood cultivation, nursery and some tips. So come. Sir, Sandalwood is a very rare thing. What is your opinion sir? Sandalwood is now becoming a very rare thing. In Karnataka we call it as Gandhandagudi. Now it is called as Durghandagudi. So it is a very rare thing. In the past we used to get around 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of sandalwood. Now the situation is that we are not getting more than 20 tonnes of sandalwood. And no one is even selling the oil. In Karnataka we have to get around 20 to 80 tonnes of sandalwood. So they use the oil themselves. No one is giving it to them. The reason why this is happening is that we are getting more and more sandalwood from our country. The forest department has not lost so much. In Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and other places, we have not lost so much sandalwood. There is a lot of demand for sandalwood. If we want to meet that demand, we have to participate privately. We have to grow sandalwood even if it is private. If we grow it as much as possible, it will be very helpful for the sandalwood industry. Sir, if it is a private industry, do you need to get permission? Or can everyone grow it? No one is getting permission to grow sandalwood. In Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, they have amended the forest policy. The amendment was made and everyone can grow sandalwood. After that, the sandalwood is grown and the sandalwood is taken care of. But to build it and to work on it, the forest department has to do it. That is a very bad thing. Even we have grown our private land here. They should have some kind of right. The forest department has given us a certificate to grow sandalwood. If we study this in agriculture, we can change it for everyone. The land is very much in need of research. They are going to do it. They should be more careful. The government has taken care of this. They have given us government rules to change it for everyone. The farmers are growing sandalwood. They grow it and save it. If they save it and give it to us, they will also get the bill. We cannot get the bill from them. We have to make sure that the policy is followed by the rules. Basically, the Karnataka government is supporting this. Do each state have its own rules? Do all states have the same rules? No, even if they have the same rules, the forest department is a state subject. They have their own rules. Karnataka and Tamilnadu are on the same page. They don't have any state to decide on the rules. They have their own rules. Only Karnataka and Tamilnadu have the same rules. People are talking about the seeds. The first question is how to get permission. Many people are down on the idea of not growing sandalwood. Another question is, what is the seed? Many people have doubts. What is your opinion? According to the old forest system, the trees should be well planted. That's why they are taking the seeds. That's a mistake. Because when a tree is in bloom, it should be replanted and grown. We don't want to lose 22 years. We have collected the seeds that are coming in 4 or 5 years. We will use them for cultivation. The Oxford dictionary has a TLA. It says that when a tree starts to bloom, it is reproductively matured. We can use the seeds to grow the seeds. We can prepare for that. We don't have any other way. We have to take 25 years to get the trees. It is difficult to get them. We can plant them in the nursery. We can get the seeds from the nursery. We can also get the seeds from the nursery. We can get the seeds from the nursery. I have a seed that is not in the IWSD. I have compared the seed with the one that is not in the IWSD. The IWSD seed is bigger. The seed that is grown on the outside is smaller. What is the difference? We have studied the seeds. We have made the seeds into three types. Small, medium and big. We have made them into three types. Even if we take the medium, it will yield good results. We have taken the seeds from the nursery. We have dried them. That gives us good results. Small seeds are better than big ones. What is the assumption? If the seed is big, it yields good results. That is wrong. If the seed is big, it yields good results. If the seed is small, it yields less results. That is not the reason for germination. Can we get the seeds from the nursery? Yes, we get the seeds from the nursery. We get them in April. We get them in September and October. We can get the seeds from the nursery. You are doing the nursery. How much of a kilo of seed can you get? We get 5 to 5.5 thousand seeds from a kilo of seed. That is a good number. But 50% of the seeds are germinated. We get 50% of the seeds from the nursery. When we plant the seeds, we put all the seeds in the seed bed. We treat them with the help of the seed bed. When we plant the seeds, we get 50% of the germination. We get 50% of the germination. We can absorb the water and give it to the seed. When we plant the seeds, we get the seeds from the nursery. We can spray the seeds from the nursery. We can give the seeds to the good seeds. When we get the seeds from the nursery, we get the fungus called Fusarium. Then we get the fungus called Pythium. We get the fungus called Nemetode. When we mix the two fungus, it harms the seed. We can easily control the disease. We can easily control the disease.