 __________ This blood moon is very popular in the world. You know about the Kempu moon. We will share some special facts with you. What is Kempu moon or blood moon? In India, the most famous and most popular tree in the ancient times is the blood moon or red sandal. Red sandal, almuga, sounder wood, red sandal, red sandalwood, blood moon, red sandal, many names are used to describe it. Do you know the main characteristics of this tree? Kempu tree is a small tree of species. It is about 8 meters long. But the shape of this tree is very attractive. The shape of the left side of the tree is very attractive. In ancient Asian countries, Kempu moon is considered as an international tree. This is more attractive than its lexical features. They use lexical branches to make musical instruments. This tree is also a bit fragrant and tropical. It criterionizes the Kulturw Teachings. He trains the tree during penances, rituals and also during the evening. He trains the tree at home in awe to do perfuse attacks andأن tárhhavai. Do you know what are the main ingredients? To grow Kempu Chandana, the soil and the stones are dry. This is good for dry and busy environment. In India, you can grow Kempu Chandana anywhere. You can grow every plant in 10 by 10 feet. Every tree gives 500 kg Kempu Chandana for 10 years. For the first two years, Kempu Chandana should be grown in a dry environment. After the soil is dried, at a distance of 4 to 4 meters, 45 to 45 cm of stones are grown. The time to grow Kempu Chandana is from May to June. The net size of Kempu Chandana is determined. After that, the water can be dried for 10 to 15 days. From April to May, Kempu Chandana will eat the leaves and destroy the stones. This way, it can be grown by watering Manu Crotophos twice a week. This Kempu is very good for the Shrigandha species. If you want to grow a proper tree, you need tens of trees. This tree is 150 to 175 cm tall. For one plant, it is 9 meters tall. In three years, it has grown 6 meters. This tree cannot bear the weight. Kempu Chandana is a historical war in China. Kempu Chandana is very important. The life of the plant is also one. Kempu Chandana is grown as a medicine in the middle of a tree. It can also cure the problems of the digestive tract and cause cancer. It is also grown as a smell in alcohol-based water to clean the blood. It is also used to prepare musical instruments. This is why Kempu Chandana is very important for the blood.