 Friends, you can subscribe to our channel and click the bell button to get notified about our new videos. Welcome to the Vishmaya Kannada channel. Friends, India may have been a golden age in the ancient times, but you may not know it. Because the natural resources of India were the natural resources of the Heralas. If you destroy the most ancient structures in India, you may become a magician in some time. But India has a very rich history. They have this blood moon. Friends, you may have seen the painting of Pushpa the rice, which you saw in the beginning. But the story revolves around this blood moon. In science, this non-formal tree called Tera corpus centillinus is found only in South India. In it, the most rich and high quality blood moon trees are found only in the end of Andhra Pradesh. More than the tree of Srivastri in South India, this blood moon tree is more popular. As I said earlier, in the end world, this non-formal and high quality tree is found only in our India. If you ask for the value of this blood moon, you will definitely be surprised. Yes, this blood moon, which is made of stone, is 1 kg in size, and is worth 20 to 30 thousand rupees. A 10-ton blood moon tree can hold up to 20 to 30 kg of stone. If you smuggle it and change it, you will get up to 6 lakhs worth of stone. So, if you don't have a ton of blood moon, you will get 2 crores of rupees. For this reason, the special forces are also responsible for the safety of the tree. Friends, why is this blood moon so rare and rare? In ancient times, our ancestors used to make blood moon in Ayurveda. Later, it can be used to cure skin diseases. As time goes by, the best blood moon in India is known to the world. For this reason, it can be used in various traditional medicines and beautiful items. In fact, the value of very expensive items is very high. For example, take petrol. In any country, the oil prices are very low in that country. But in India, petrol is rare, but petrol and diesel are very popular. The same situation is also a blood moon. Blood moon is found only in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. From here, many trees are cut down by the foreign countries. But China does not use this blood moon. Because China uses this blood moon tree in the mines and other areas. So much so that China has come to cure thousands of diseases from diseases. Now, blood moon can be used in thousands of diseases. Because of this, the value of blood moon in China is very high. In China alone, blood moon can be used in Japan and Mongolia to cure diseases. So, if we take out the medicinal properties of blood moon, China will not like this blood moon. About 700 years ago, during the 14th century, the Ming dynasty ruled China. According to the report published in China Daily, the blood moon was made by the Ming dynasty's royal family. And such decorative items were very rare. At that time, the royal family said that blood moon was made from the places where it was possible. They decorated the palace with blood moon furniture and decorative items. We can see the characteristics of the Chinese museum that made blood moon. Even though the blood moon escaped to the mines and saved many lives, these laws were not implemented by the politicians, officials and police. The story of the blood moon is true. When the blood moon was in need of food in China, the death of trees began in the last forest. The workers went to the forest, cut down the trees and gave them to smugglers to earn money. Sometimes smugglers would cut down the trees and carry them in their pockets. These workers were ready to face any kind of danger. The police did not care. It is not wrong that the former king of China was a slave of the workers. The blood moon tree is about 8 to 11 meters long. Another feature of this tree is the time it takes to grow. If a tree is 10 years old, it takes 30 years to grow a blood moon tree. But if it is grown through farming, it will take at least 15 years to grow a tree. As mentioned earlier, the blood moon is in need of food in the international market. Because of this, the government spends millions of rupees every year on these trees for safety. The area of this forest is very important. Because smugglers do not smuggle blood moon when they are young. Smugglers usually supply 20,000 crores of blood moon to the government every year. If these trees are smuggled, they will be sentenced to 15 years in prison. It would be a challenge for the government to protect the blood moon. Then you may ask, is this a blood moon tree? There is no answer to this. There is a tree that is about the size of a blood moon. That is African Blackwood. Yes, you may be surprised to hear the price of this tree. The price of this tree is 8,000 pounds or 7 lakh rupees per kg in the international market. So African Blackwood is a very rare tree on earth. This tree is about 20 to 40 feet tall. This African Blackwood is found in 26 countries in Central and South Africa. This unformed tree, which is more grown in the land of the West, can be harvested for 60 years. But this tree is most common in Kenya and Tanzania, which is more likely to be smuggled. Therefore, this unformed tree is in the