 Motivationalmay should create entireM Such a stupid person gave entry into our story Tanda. As soon they term hey, did you lock up the прош? b unknowns P notified 완 чe p After his death, the brave soldiers march towards the last village of Andhra, Aranya. Some of the smugglers of Andhra and Tamilnadu, from there, they will wipe out the blood moon. Red sandal, Godamu. The blood moon in Andhra's last village, Aranya, marches towards Tamilnadu and Kerala. It's not that easy. The Andhra government has created a special security force to track the smugglers of blood moon. Two years ago, 20 blood moon thieves had died in a shootout called STF. But the blood moon thieves' work is not over yet. The blood moon property in the last village, Aranya, should be invested in other states. So, we need to plan for that. We need to get the money we have earned, and get it done quickly. That place is the stronghold. The Kattigana-Halli-Shekada-Tombattarashtra General is talking about the blood moon's death. First, the blood moon thieves were being killed inside the houses of the village. When the Andhra police were in power, the blood moon thieves were being sold by selling blue cloths. How and how did the smugglers of blood moon kill the blood moon? We went to the village one night. Kattigana-Halli is not a big city like Pakistan. The people of one village are more here. We were suspicious that the blood moon thieves were working there. When we talked to some people there, we didn't think that there was a scary atmosphere. A group of people were standing there. We went with them and ran away. We changed our ways. We started to act as if we needed the blood moon. We slowly started to work. Then we saw that the Kattigana-Halli-Shekada-Tombattarashtra was the real murder. Can you find the blood moon in West End? They do it. They do it. It's a secret. But it's a secret to them? Yes. They don't believe that it's a secret. We don't believe it. Can you find the blood moon in West End? Yes. We don't have more blood moon. 10% But you are from Andhra. What's your name? Baba. I don't know where you are from. I don't know if you have a phone number. I will call you if I get one. I don't know. I will call you if I get one. Somwara Siguna gave his mobile number. The day he told me, I went to Kattigana-Halli. I was confident that I would get it. But the dealer took me there. I was terrified. I called the number he gave me. His number was switched off. I thought I could get it. I could turn on my mobile. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared. Cost McCoy told his palms of fear. The dealer told again. Collect my blood moon. It will send into Lord Shiva's Arch. Next I will send it. Concentrate on my plans. The boy went to Sirawada. The woman we followed was looking for. You should look done for. The same words that we heard when we went to the water pool. Which village are you from? Did you come yesterday? Did you come in the same car again? These are the questions that we were asked. They were talking in their language. One of them called the officer. When he saw something, 20 people with moustache came. The officers were Andhra police or Mahitya Dharam. First they buried their lives and then they called it a nunana. If there were people, we were three. They were 20. What to do? This is the only thing that we were able to do. Sir, go left. Go to the main road. Go to the main road. Where is the car? Go. Where is the car? Go. When so many people came to the water pool, we were shocked. We somehow managed to escape from them. We thought this was the only way. We jumped into the water pool and went to the main road. We came to the place where our car was parked and started to walk. We thought we would survive and for a minute, we were following the same path. If we had thought that we should not be involved in this story and came back to Bangalore, we would have been hit by four or five bikes. They would have followed us for about 12 kilometers. We were returning to Bangalore. But they didn't just follow us, they even planned to kill us. Should we just sit back and watch? We will tell you what happened after a short break.