 Here are traps. If it falls down, it will go inside. It will be multiple-factor. Immediately, my car will be moved to a location. If it needs to be cut, there will be a question of how thick it should be. It is totally black. You see this, right? This is a good symptom. It is like a diamond. We don't need permission for this white. We need to cut it. Immediately after submission, they give us 20%. It takes a month for it to dry. They pay the remaining amount. For 7 years. For 2 years? You have been working for 2 years? Yes, for 7 years. I was working in Srikandha. How many acres did you plant? 7 acres. 2 acres? How many acres? 800 acres. 2 acres for 800 acres? Yes, sir. I have planted 4 acres. How many acres? I planted one acre in the year 1990. I saw it in the year 1990. 800 acres means 8 crores. Sir, that's what it is. I don't know anything about it. Sir, it is like the word AS. That's what I meant. You are going in a positive direction, not a negative direction. It is a negative direction. There is no entry here. No entry. No entry. This is a fully protected area. There is no entry here. There is no entry here. This is a totally restricted area. No one has built a house here. There is live fencing and no bombs. This is 30 acres. That much is Srikandha? Yes, all of this is Srikandha. 30 acres is Srikandha? Yes, all of this is Srikandha. All of this is Srikandha. You can see everything here. All of this is Srikandha. This is a small quarter. This is a small quarter. You don't need any medicine here. The bones of the bones are in the small quarters. What is this? This is a medicine box. It is full of bad smell. This is a place for the birds to graze. Yes, this is a place for birds to graze. You have so many cuttings. This is a small quarter. This is a small quarter. This is a small quarter. This is a small quarter. There is no cultivation here. When did you build this? Every house has a complete history. Every house? Yes, every house. How many houses are there in 30 acres? There are 9000 houses. 9000 houses? Yes. 9000 houses is 1 lakh Srikandha? It is different from what I have seen. It is 90 crores. 90 crores? You will know if you also experience this. The price of this is different. The money, the crores, the satisfaction is here. 90 crores? We don't need that much to live. We can live in peace in some money. We don't need that much to live. What happens is, Look at this. Look at the birds. They eat a lot. They have put the seeds. They have emptied the plates. This is my dream to build a forest in Bishil. I want to build a forest in the coming four months. I want to take the form of a forest. There should be life, education and a lot of things. Here, we see the smell of the grass. These are all benign. Benign? These are all benign. These are all benign. Here, that is benign. That is benign. If you look here, there are about 500 benign trees. 30 trees means that there are about 1000 benign trees. Oh, you have planted 3000 trees. Yes, there are about 500-30 trees. You feel something when you walk here, right? You feel something when you walk on the grass. In that soil, the organic carbon is created here. It is going up and down. This is benign. What happens is that the trees grow on the ground. The trees grow on the ground. The trees grow on the ground. The birds that come up on the ground are the birds. The trees grow on the ground. Not on the ground, but on the ground. This is benign. This is benign. This is our national tree. This is a forest-like height. Here, natural regeneration is happening. Here, all this. We have seen that plot, right? The beauty of natural regeneration is that this is actually forest farming. Here. The plants, the plants, the trees. This is the whole world. If you see this, you can make a huge Ph.D. in this. You can see the plants. This is how much it is. It is a huge Ph.D. Like this. So, a plant is created for a number. One plant, one tree, one tree. All of this is created for a number. The plants, the soil, the plants. The plants, the plants, the plants. All of this is created for a number. These are all the plants. You planted these, but you didn't plant the plants. These are all the plants. I planted these here. I planted these here. You planted the number. I planted these here. Why did you plant the number? I did it myself. Did you plant the number? No. This is a trick that I learned from my father. I can't disclose it now. I will do it after another 2-3 years. This is a way to protect yourself. For a numbering. There are traps inside this. If you just lift 10 kg, we will go inside at least 10 feet. You can't go anywhere with this plant. No one will come here. Here or there. There are traps. I will come after seeing that track. Someone came here safely. There is no one to go safely. It is a farm. So you can't run here? No, you can't run here. No one has an entrance here. Before the gardener comes to work, there are 2 of us. If we lift 10 kg, we will be looking here. Here are the traps. If we lift 10 kg, we will be able to get the location. I have a mobile. We can get the location immediately. It will blink. It will give a notification. This is completely protected. No safety measures are required. In India, we have taken everything here. This is not a place where you can just come and go. Here it is like that. There are people who came after lifting 10 kg. Listen. It is a multiple-factor. Can we see the trap? No, no trap. No need. This type. What happens after that? What happens to us is, if we want to build a Srikandha, we have to be very strong. Some people ask this. If we want to build a Srikandha, can we build it so strong? They ask. When this sandalwood is used, there is no linear relationship between the size of the plant and the volume of the plant or the biomass of the plant. There is no linear relationship between the size of the plant the volume of the plant or the biomass of the plant. If the sandalwood is used so strong, the whole hole can rotate, around 60 cm. This is not an autolysis. So there is no linear relationship. If this much sandalwood is used, If it was this much, there would be nothing inside it. There is a bark inside this, a small sharp wood, full of art wood. There is no linear relationship. Sandalwood should not be too thick. It is a secondary metabolism. It is nothing but, as we have said, secondary metabolism is nothing but, it is one of the defensive mechanism against rot. It is nothing but formation of art wood and accumulation of oil. Look at the stress level of the plant. It is totally black. This is a good symptom. It is like a diamond. It is like a diamond. How old is this tree? This is already 4 years old. It is about 5 years old. The plant is under a lot of stress. That is very important. We give water and coconut to it. It grows vegetatively. But it does not go under stress. It does not suffer. It comes when it is needed. When it is under stress, it is formed quickly. This is sandalwood. It is not a market. How do you know? Then there is the protection. We can discuss it later. Protection is one of the challenges. What have we taken for this? We have taken maximum. Now that you have come, we will not tell your Aadhar number. Then we will put the dog seat. CC camera traps. Then, what is the market? Before 2001-2002, there was no opportunity to build it. In 2001-2002, the law was passed. Where the Srikand was, it was the property of the white people. This is an opportunity. The law has made it an opportunity. One minute. Manoj, Where is the area palm? Is it your section? No, it is not there. Now, what happens? The final is marked. Where should the mark be made? Now, what is the existing law? It should be given to KSDL. Mysore Sandal Soap. KSDL. We need competitive value as a society. We have been in Bandu for 16 years. We have experienced a lot of things. We are saving ourselves by working hard. Now, thousands of people are coming to me. If we want competitive value, we need options. What happens here is, we have to give one to KSDL. Monopoly. Yes, this is in Monopoly. Number of... Number of... Buyers. We call it Monopoly. Correct. Buyers per acre. One seller. That is Ambani. That is what it is. There is no alternative choice. One seller. Everyone should be able to get what they pay. Monopoly is the only option. There are no other options to purchase. One seller. Monopoly is the only option. For any country's economy, for any country's healthy economy, Monopoly is the way. There is exploitation. There is no scientific research. There is no scientific rate. There is exploitation. I have to take whatever he gives. That is why we call it Monopoly. When you come to Sandalwood, there is an opposite here. What happens here is, the number of sellers is one buyer. What was there? The number of buyers is one seller. The number of sellers is one buyer. That is KSDL. That is a politics. There is no alternative choice. What is this? We call it Monopsony. This is Monopsony. Here is the exploitation. He is not giving to anyone. He should be given. He gives the same rate. We are not getting any more loans. There is no alternative choice. Here is Monopsony. That means the farmers are being exploited. There are no more loans. Because this is the time of arraign. The farmers are coming to the market. We have to ask them. We have to give them. Because the government should not support the exploitation. If someone is exploited, we have to support them. That is why the government is listening to our words. We are in constant contact with ministers and other people. We are holding an association with our farmers. But from the beginning, to sell our land, there are many players who are selling our land. We can sell our land to them. But now there is no such law. It will change in the next 2-3 years. It will be sold to private people. Yes sir. When it comes to us, we are the first farmers who are working. We have to buy and process our land. We have to buy and process our land. I am the son of a 100 acres. There is a Ramesh Balutti family of 5000 acres. 5000 acres. Today, the development of the country is 5,000 crores. If we want to buy a lot of raw material, we don't have to go anywhere. If we come to Ramesh Balutti, in the coming days, we will get worth 15,000 crores of raw material. Even if we have that much, we don't know what kind of disaster it will be or the situation of the farmers. My first soap will start from here. Soap, cosmetics, perfumes, incense, and other by-products will start. But what I have is even if my 100 acres of srikanth is sold, I will start from the beginning. I can't start from the beginning and start a new one. But many people say, making India. In the Indra region, starting from the beginning, creating a new one, creating a new job. But when it comes to the srikanth, I don't have the opportunity to start from the beginning. I have already registered as Gandha Medicinal and Aromatic Company. But in a few days, it will start. I am the first one. So, what I have now is to purchase oils, from others, I have to purchase oil and do soap and cosmetics. But we are ready for that. But one request to the government is that today, the market should liberalize us a little bit. Who will give us the medical bill, to make it right for them, I have a request to make it possible. That too, the suggestion and discussion has been made by the government. In the coming days, we can make it possible. But the existing law is that we have to give it to KSDL. RNI and KSDL. How can it be done? I mean, I am already in the country. Do I need permission to leave? No, you don't need permission to leave. You have to build it. What we have to do is to give it to KSDL and to RNI. Then, what they do in KSDL is they also take our documents and give it to RNI to purchase it. They also do this. We have to do an MOU in KSDL. Memorandum of Understanding. After that, they come to RNI and take these documents and give it to them. We have to build it and give it to KSDL. They dress it up and do grading on it. They do grading, dry it and fix the rate. After going to the factory, the rate is fixed? Yes, it is fixed. In the coming days, we are very optimistic. From now on, the government will give the MOU and the market to the people. How will the payment be? For example, KSDL will take it. After taking KSDL, they will give the payment first 20% immediately after submission. After going to the lorry. They will give us 20% of the payment. After that, it takes one day to dry. After one day, they will pay the remaining amount. This is the type. So, 20% advance is given. After it dries, they will settle. So, the quality is known. Yes. There are many advantages in the market. Even others will purchase immediately and give the payment on the world. They will give it here. Give it to the private owners. This is our request. Because, I have been working for 16 years as a farmer, and I have given shelter to animals. Even if they are not financially successful, the government should support them. But, KSJ will give the payment? Yes, they will. They will give the payment. Thank you for watching.