 Hi, welcome to Daru Group. Today we are in Sringada garden. This is a garden that we have developed a year ago. It is a little far from that, but I am telling you as a reference. Because we have made three videos about this same garden. In the same year, from the day of planting, after 6 months, what kind of results have been shown. Today it has been a year. Today we are doing is, I will tell you some details. In the previous video, our farmer will give his opinion. You can watch. If anyone is new to the channel, please subscribe to the channel. If you are watching the video, please subscribe. Subscription is free. Please do it. If you have not joined the channel yet, you can join the channel. There will be an exclusive video. If you are interested, there may be a complete detail. If you have a direct contact with the team, if you have a chance, through video calling, if you show your garden, we will give you a consultation. This is our plot. What we have done here is, we have alternated G Vilas and Srikandha. In this 3 acres area, we have G Vilas and Srikandha. This is the name. The reason for this plot is, in this area, when the crop is being cultivated, sugar cane cultivation was going on. We have selected that plot. We have selected it and we have recognized the lowest point and highest point. We know the height and the low point. We have identified the lowest point and the lowest point. Because the water from the next stream comes out of the water. The water from the stream comes out of the water. We have identified that first. We have taken the drip channels and the planting direction for the same line. Interproperly, from the last one year, coriander is being grown here. Coriander is being grown here. The opinion of Anish's is, the yield and profit is being taken and the yield is being taken. You can see the size of the plant. I will show you the plant and the plant. For this Srikandha, everytime we say, Choguchha is one of the best hosts. One is the plant and the other is the plant. You can see, our plant has completely flowered. It has bloomed completely in one year. The growth is very fast. The maturity level is high. Then, the reference of this garden is here. Look at the size of the plant. Look at the plant. It is completely round. The size and color. It is not like a regular chemical spray. It is not like a regular chemical spray. It is like a fungal related spray. We are only taking this for the disease that comes from the fevamsha. There is more fevamsha. I am saying that there is more fevamsha. When the plant is in the garden, the surrounding, the plants grow here, more water is released here, and when the water is released, the fevamsha grows in the normal way. We can see the fungal relativity here. We can see the fungal infection in the other plants. But, another highlight of this plot is that all the plants have even growth. Look at this. All the plants have even growth. To achieve even growth, I always say that mother plant is very important. If you have collected seeds, how you have developed the plant in the nursery, I am talking about Srikandha. From this mother plant, you can achieve even growth of sandalwood. Otherwise, your growth will be small, big, and chances are very low. I am collecting fruits here. Minimum 400 grams plus. You can see Srikandha here. To achieve even growth, I told you about seeds and host. When we give the seeds properly, you can also plant a beautiful garden. If you are nearby, from the Belgaam district, if you want to go to this garden, you can go to Hidikkal. I will give the number of this place. If you contact us, you can go there, develop the garden, share your opinion in the comments, and then what other friends will do there is how to get yield, what are the procedures, we will be making another video about that. Every year, from 1 to 1.5 lakhs, they collect it in one time. Every year, from 2 to 3 lakhs, they collect it from just coriander. This is for everyone to know, and for the benefit of everyone. We will make a video for that. Look at this plant, it is so healthy and green. Look at the size of all the plants, look at the color, the shape of the leaves, friends, it is the same. Because, from our Dharvit, if you have developed it in this plantation, it will be even aged. Then, it will grow in growth rate. From our plant, it will be 2 to 3 rupees more expensive. But, from our plant, if you don't get any service, if you get any feedback, to develop a beautiful garden, that 2 rupees is not a big deal. Because, if you have 15 years of experience, and 8 years of knowledge, and if you have 1 to 2 rupees less, please inform your friends. Contact the number on the screen, and if you need information, you can contact. Now, our farmer will tell you, please come and see. Namaskar sir. What is your name? I am from Kedang. What is your plantation name? I have a name, Sir. I am from Kedang. What is your variety of name? I am Peru. When did you start planting? I started planting in August. I started planting in August. It has been a year since then. August has been a year. Correct. What is your opinion about the growth? Growth is slow. If we look at the last plot, we can see the growth. It is slow. What is the barrier? We have seen it from all sides, but there is no protection. The growth is slow. What is the area? The area is... The distance between the fields. Between the fields, there are 17 plots. In Peru, there are 6 plots. In Peru, there are 6 plots. From there, there are 8 plots. What is the area inside? From there, there is a fort. There is a fort. There are 3 forts. In the first year, it was Rs.1,80,000. In the second year, it was Rs.50,000. The rate was low. Now, the rate is low. Now, it is Rs.7,000,000. From the fort, you have already spent all the money. Yes, I have spent all the money. I have started planting in Peru. When Peru starts, we can start our expenses. When Peru starts, we can start our expenses. Peru started one year ago. The size of the plant has increased. The size of the plant has increased. Peru Kairi has 500-600 grams. Peru Kairi. What is the host? The host is from Trigana Geda and Chogchi Geda. Chogchi Geda. The people who built the fort have put the cash in it. How many people are there in total? There are 150 people from Trigana. Peru is 150 people. Peru is 150 people. Is the growth of all the buildings the same or it has become less? No, almost all the buildings are the same. A small number of people have been attacked by fungus. Yes, there were a few people attacked by fungus. The people of Mania, Shivashi, Nakhlore and Lamadasa have put the cash in it. Okay, okay. Namaskar. As you can see, the people are talking about their thoughts and opinions. Your thoughts and opinions are what I hear from the viewers. What are you doing with your beautiful dream of building a fort? Please understand that any fort should not be built in an urgent manner. You will have a lot of time. Many people complain that they cannot take their phones. The issue of not taking phones is that when we take something, we should not do this. It is difficult to talk on the phone. We make this video, edit it and put it in the phone. We talk to the farmers. They come to us and believe in us. When we do all the work, we have time. We do not even have time to call and take calls. This video is the first part. What we have done during the planting time, you can see in the description. I have put the link. You can see the gate, the entrance. We have shown the people the result. You can visit this place and you will know the results. We have fenced the whole area. This is not a barbed wire fence. We have mesh fenced it. We will build an electric fence and we will build a fence. We can fence from 8 feet above the ground. We have to maintain our garden. They are doing this very neatly. If you want to develop your garden, contact us and we will give you a registration link. They will register and give you a place to plant. They will plan and execute it. If you like the video, like, share and subscribe. Thank you. Thank you.