 We have given the money to the government. Otherwise, we would not have been able to survive. So, we have been waiting for 15 years for the money to be given to Srikanth. So, we have to make sure that we have the money to support Srikanth. We have to pay the same amount of money. We have done this for the first time. Srikanth is weak because of the bad conditions of the land. He has been suffering for the last two years. He is weak because of the bad conditions of the land. You have to understand that when your land is weak, it is a clue of nature. Your heart would have been done. You are at the right direction of the land load cultivation. You should have that experience. I have demonstrated this with my friends. I have demonstrated this with my friends. I have demonstrated this with my friends. What I have done is the same as the other side. The road zone is deep. Srikanth is facing problems. He is not able to stand on the side. I have done this for him. I have done this for him. This is the state. It is enough for two years, but it is weak. If you want ketchup, you have to take it. But if you don't get it, ketchup will not be available. Ketchup is a good start for us. First we have to pay the rent. In the last seven years, I have done everything. I have done everything like medicine. 0 cultivated land. Why? Because the route of Srikanth is very wide. People think that they can grow stem. But the route of Srikanth is 3 times bigger than the stem. Oil content is higher than that. And the route of Srikanth is 6% oil content. Whereas in other states it is not 1-2%. Why I am doing this for Karnataka is because the land has already given you the gift of God. Nature has stopped you but you don't understand. And then you say, how many years from now, how will you get the land? How should you leave it like that? Because the route of Srikanth is not inside. If one jerk goes with your tractor, it thinks that I am in city. You should create a boundary for that. How much ever you try, it will fall. So you should do it naturally? Yes, we should do it artificially. Srikanth has given us a lot of water. We have given him a lot of water. Because there is water in it. If you give him water, it will be full. So from the initial stage, Srikanth has given us less water. After 7-8 years, we should stop the water. We should stop the water completely. The more water you stop, the bigger the water you will get. Srikanth should be strong. That is the biggest strength. Another thing is, if you don't have a good water, you will get a lot of water. Especially during rainy season. If you get a lot of water during rainy season, excess water will get in. Srikanth will have to take a lot of water. If you clean it, the water will go away. If you have a big hole in the wall, if you let the water go, you will get water. You should do this, according to me. How long should it be? We have only 1-2 inches of water. We don't have water. We can save 8000 kgs of water. We should stop the water after 10-15 years. We should stop the mulching. Then we can live a good life. We should stop the water. If we stop the water, the soil will not be good. Our food will not be good. I am telling you, you don't have to do smart work. No labour, no coconut, no water. We are here to help Bangalore Mysore. We can do this work. This is organic farming. We have done all the work. We have done all the work. We don't need any labour. After 7-8 years, we have stopped the selling. We have to run the money. We have to do something. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. I am a farmer. You have planted the seedlings? No, I do not plant the seedlings. I plant the seedlings on the top of the hill. I do not plant the seedlings. The seedlings will be planted on the top of the hill. It will not cause damage to your field. Did you plant the leaves? No sir. At the initial stage, I did not plant any seedlings. I did not plant any wild vegetables. I planted them after 5 years. I started this business in 2013 and now I am in 2015. This time I am in 2014. So what I am telling you is, whatever we do, we are in debt. We are in debt for 600 rupees. We are in debt for 300, 200, 200 rupees. We have been in debt for a long time. We have not been able to pay the debt. So what will happen if we do this? If you do not do anything, you will get a loan. If you do not do anything, you will get a loan. And you will get support from the government. So you should know when to do anything. I did not do anything in the initial stage. They will eat my chicken. I did chicken after 5 years. They eat my chicken. I will show you. They eat my chicken. They eat my chicken. So it helps you. I will feed them once. I will feed them once. I will feed them once. You will get good results. Another thing is, Balashtra people are afraid of the It is My I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that. I am not saying that.今天 2 7 6 o 12 O What wrong you will do when you die? You will not serve the land, you will not clean the houses, you will not do any work You will not give legal market to the government to build the roads You will not give brown sugar, you will not give sugarcane, you will not do anything Why are you asking my question again? Madam, one thing, one bit of work for the future I want to ask you a question, you have a contribution from your side Because all these things are not in the nature, these are the anger Why are you not in the nature? Because nature is not in the nature Now it is time, you are not contributing to nature, what wrong you will do? So when you do this, what wrong you will do? Why Veerappan became famous today? Because Sreegandha Kalumadana became famous when Sreegandha Kalumadana was made Now when Kalla became famous, Beladoni became famous That is the reason why I am not in the nature Kalla became strong because you are not strong You forgot your capability This revolution should not happen alone If Bhagat Singh was saying that he will die, when would we get freedom? We would not get freedom We should be brave and not think about our village We should think about our own future Today you are doing a lot of work for the country Karnataka is a dirty country, small village That revolution should happen because of you I will make you strong because I am not an agent or a franchise I am a farmer, I am a farmer, that is why I will make you strong If I had been there, how would you have believed me? It is said that it is impossible to reach Sreegandha Kalumadana in 45 degree temperature But today I proved it Because today each of my trees are at the age of 7 years They have crossed the width of 65 cm which is possible at the age of 15 years So what I am saying is that the land should be even better Because your Malnad is not made by Sreegandha Kalumadana If you come to the top, you should be able to reach one edge Regarding protection aspect, I am telling about the e-protection system What is e-protection system? We put microchip in the middle This is operated through sensors, there is no wire like this Where do the signals come from? Through satellites Then we should connect the world between the ground and the earth For that we give four gateway connections through routers Modern it interacts with only one device whereas router interacts with multi devices One of these connections will be given to IWST server What is IWST? Indian Wood Science Technology They are doing all the trees' research They will give you a drone in this system In that you have day vision camera and dark vision cameras In day vision, whoever comes to you, they will tell you that At night, there is light in every corner and it is not possible to sleep For that, dark vision camera is used Any image that comes from anywhere, it will be automatically altered It will capture black and white image and go to IWST When it is human, it will be like an animal Then they will give you a name plate 1, 2, 3, 4 If you give these 100, it will give you an alert message One for your mobile and one for the nearest police station Then you are not in the village, the building is already destroyed But because of that chip, it will show the location Exactly where your wood is moving in which direction So now you are risk free But now we have to pay 2000 rupees for this For one year, after paying 2000 rupees, they will return it once They will keep it in the luggage for once They will give all these luggage Then we have to pay 100 rupees per month 24 into 7 they are working for us So this is the protection 100 rupees per tree So I am telling the government to give us free of cost So what I am saying is, you have to get a big hedge But if the water is more, how will you grow the grass? How much water will you grow? Actually we don't need water Sir, we have to reduce the water From the initial stage, we have to reduce the water We are reducing the water We don't need water Why I am asking you to increase the water Because we have to increase the water But if the water is more, we can't get water We have to do it scientifically and technically We have to do it with 100 acres We are not that capable But at the end of 12-15 years, you have to see your children Because if they are not able to do it, they will not be able to do it She should also feel proud that I am a wife of a farmer That day should come My struggle is for only that Madam, you said you have maintained one labor Exactly This is 8 acres, we have to pay 8000 rupees for 10 acres One labor But you said you don't have to pay for the grass So you don't need labor I am saying that you don't need labor You can't grow grass in the area where you have planted the DIP You have to give us coconut, coconut, coconut, and coconut You don't need to give anything else We don't need water We don't need water, we have to drip water We have to drip 4 liters per hour for the Srigandha And 10 liters per hour for the farmers They make holes and then they drill So you have to do it in one day We have to do it in a sub-wall 8 acres, 8 sub-walls The water has become less One wall, two walls, three walls, four walls If there is a little water, the front wall will be closed If there is a little water, the pressure will be lost Because I knew my weakness and my weakness I was doing my weakness as my powerpoint Then I was doing my weakness Because we are doing this because we have to eat this Antioxidants are available We can't get the money wherever we are So I was eating the soil of the soil When I was doing my weakness When I was doing my weakness When I was doing my weakness This is natural farming And many other living creatures are also surprised If you clean it, electricity won't come Microorganisms, cells So this is the system I was doing in my house Because we know how to do farming even if the water is less We have come from our hometown to get the labour For the last two years, the capacity of the farmers is very low Because they are very poor So we have to do all these things in one day That's why we are doing this Where did you come from? From Kerala This is your entry-star property Yes, I am an entry-star property We had a small road in the village We had to ride a motorcycle We had a lot of roads When did I start all this? We had a small hut, no water, no electricity We didn't have anything We have to export all this We needed a place to go to load the vehicle We needed a road, a gate We had all this We had a lot of roads We had to carry the whole of the goods We got bridges of the road We worked very hard to get the rocks We also managed to pull it out All these work very hard It is like earlier In the sky There is a steep? We haven't to talked about this Not safe? If we ask away There is no Russian on this That's because We don't have foreign batch they sent us We have bamboo trees here. How much water can we get from them? The water is very high. It is very high. Why don't you call them? But now, if we don't get enough water, we can't manage it. If we get more water, we can't manage it. What? If we get more water, we can't use it for Srikanth. Ravi! But you said it is not a living thing. Is it a joke? No, it is not. Our capacity is not enough. We don't have labour. They will give us 2-3 lakhs for working in Bangalore. We have to give them everything. That's why I don't have the capacity. I will come and see for myself. I will do everything. They will come and do everything. They will leave us. They will leave us. Are you not going to defend? I will do my own work. I have 30-35 lakhs of labour. I will do my work. Where? They will make a stone wall around us. We can't go anywhere. They will make a wall and a wall. We can't go anywhere. Will you pass the electricity to the electricity? No, we won't. We won't. We won't do this fencing. I have installed 800 windbreakers around the valley. I have installed 800 windbreakers around the valley. If you do solar fencing, you won't get anything from the valley. It is hurting. If we install windbreakers around the valley, it won't be able to get much air. It won't dry. That's why I have installed windbreakers. That's why I have installed windbreakers. I have installed anti-virus. I should have worked as a medicine specialist. Is this the plant management? Yes, only half of it. Is it safe? Is it safe? Yes. Water is bad. It is not good. It is very bad. It is very bad. We used to put water in the plant and leave it there. Now it is not good. It is very bad. It is very bad. We have to stop the water from flowing. We have to put water in the plant. We have to put water in the plant. We have to make 100 plants. No one has done it since the beginning. Since we are in Tulsi, we have to pay 15 to 20 rupees. I will tell you why. We can't recognize what everyone has done. We have to pay 20 to 30 rupees. We have to pay 1 to 2 lakh rupees. We don't have to pay 2 lakhs. Even if you have 30 rupees, you can't get a bigger pot. You can get 6 tons from this. We can get 2 lakhs from anywhere. I don't think we should spend 2 lakhs and get 3 lakhs. We can get 2 lakhs from anything. That is natural. We don't need water. We don't need it. We don't need it. We don't need it. We don't need it. This is the Aranya Christian method? Yes, this is the Aranya Christian method. This is natural farming, organic farming, zero budget farming. We don't have to invest anything in zero budget farming. We have to do that. 6 by 6. They say we have to show everything. We have to show everything. We have to clear all doubts.