 Our children, parents and parents should live in that house. A house with a crore of houses. If you pay 50 lakhs, you will get 1 kg gold. Put a kilo of gold on the two of them. We should give a message that our farmers also get a kilo of gold. If you have a 100 acres of land, you will get 100 acres of land. How many people are there in Kansai? This is the house. There is a family. There is a family. We need to work on that. Can you tie the fence there? Why? Why are you tying it there? Can you tie the fence there? The fence is not going there. If you have a leg, you can tie it there. Okay. My husband is from Kolkata. Huh? My husband is from Kolkata. Huh? He is from Uyghur. Huh? He is a young man from a bar. No, he is not. Huh? He is from a bar. Huh? He is from a bar. Huh? Huh? Sir, how much is this? This is the amount. This is the amount. If you pay the amount, you will get 1000 rupees. This is the amount. This is the amount. This is the amount. Tie it. Okay. Sir, look here. Beauty of... Buy one... Get one. Buy one, get two free. Oh, buy one, get two free. Huh. This is one leg. I will tie this. It is a knot. It is tied. The leg is tied. If I tie it here, one and two. Buy one, get two free. The scheme is not over yet. The scheme is still going on. The offer is still going on. You can select the one over there. This is the contract. They can give the lottery over there. Buy one, get two free. Two lakhs. I am happy when I am in the game. But we don't get happiness when we play. We get happiness when we play. We get happiness. They say that we can build a city with 30-40 square feet. Here, we have the power to build a land with the help of square inches. Every inch is worth it. Yes. They will give us free money. It is possible. It is possible. There is nothing. What can we do? There is nothing. We just die. We just die. It is happening. It is happening. Nature is taking care. Taking care. Yes, sir. Nature is amazing. Yes, sir. All are made of different types of clay. All are made of birds. Yes. It is a different world. So, you don't leave the clay? No, sir. Oh, it is a lion. It is a lion. Is it for me? It is big and big. It is big and big. It is a bit thick. But, it is not comfortable. Yes, sir. It is comfortable. It is comfortable. It is comfortable. Take it, sir. We are all in the middle of the road. They are holding the camera. My hand is not comfortable. Salesforce comes and Commander is walking on the back. Looks very dangerous. Not good. This is the process. The soil here is not suitable for the market. No sir, no. It is not suitable for the birds. It is suitable for the birds. The birds are small. They are good for the right time. They are good for the birds. Do you do anything in the trees? No, we do nothing in the trees. We just sit and eat. There is nothing in the trees. We just leave it in the village. We do nothing. It is good for the birds. It is good for the birds. We do nothing. That is why we are called birds. Many people come here to pick plants. They come to pick the seeds. They eat the seeds. Yes. Here, take this. Here, the birds are not allowed to eat. Now, what happens is that now, the birds are not allowed to eat. Now, the birds are not allowed to eat. We have been giving food to birds for a long time. The birds eat this food. How many drops are there? The drops, the animals, the microbes, how many do we multiply it? One rupee becomes 100 rupees. 100 rupees becomes 1000 rupees. 1000 rupees into lakhs and crores into lakhs. We should not do anything. We should create a environment for this. Many people complain about this. How long have you been doing this? I have been doing this for a long time. I am a very high mountaineer. My father-in-law used to come down to the mountain. My younger brother used to come down to the mountain. My father-in-law used to come down to the mountain. When Ganesh Chotirathi came to the mountain, he used to say, I am going to make a small hut for my father-in-law. I will give him a small hut. I used to say, My father-in-law used to say, If you go to hell, you will be able to catch a bird. I used to say, Will there be a bird? Will there be a bird? Will there be a bird? He used to say, I will not stay here. He used to say, I will come back after 5 minutes. I never talked to him before. He used to say, I will stay here. Otherwise, he would have said, Are you sitting? I came to Valladhumatta, I will give him a small hut, I will give him a bird. I am very rich, I am very rich, I will give him a small hut. That is good. Then he would have said, Are you sitting? Because he used to say, I am a very rich person, What is my intention? I want to build a sea. A big sea should be built on land. I want to take that sea to these beautiful creatures. I want to be a land lord. I don't know if I would have spent 5,000 rupees on this land. I would have spent 1,000 rupees on this land. But that was my profit. If I had spent 5,000, I would have made 50,000. What is my intention? Where is that? There is another question. I will buy a sea. I don't want to spend 30 years on this land. I will build a house. I will build a house. I have a house. I have a house. I can get fruits. I can get working capital. I can get a house. If I have 4 acres of land, I can cultivate 3 acres of land. We can cultivate. I can cultivate a single acre of land. I can get 3 crores of land from the SBI. If I have any problems for my family... If I have any problems for my family... I can get it from the problems. I can get it from the problems. Why should I do this? Why should I do this? The reserve should not be more than a quarter. For example, a pawn shop would have bought 20 rupees a day. They would have bought 100 rupees a day. For example, a cutting shop would have bought 100 rupees a day. He was a big savings man. But he had 16 acres of land. He had 48 acres of land. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. He had a big savings system. To come out of this, we need financial strength. To come out of this, we need financial strength. So, what I would like to say is... We are second generation. We are second generation. In farming, in farming, in agriculture. We are second generation. Our fathers, If we want to be good, They have to work hard. We are living today with the result of their hard work. with the result of their hard work. If he had worked hard today If he had worked hard today He wouldn't have done canvassing. He wouldn't have canvassed. He wouldn't have done canvassing. He wouldn't have done canvassing. He'd hardly try. sketch again keynote lay a wick If we had 300, we would have discussed it now. 50 lakhs for 50 crores? 300 crores for 300 crores? Yes, that's right. If 300 crores for 300 crores, I will get a visa for my dream. I don't need a dream. I need a dream to do something. You need a dream to talk. I need a dream. That gives me strength. I don't have money in my pocket. I have a dream. That gives me strength. I have a lot of money in my pocket. You don't have a dream? No. I don't have any dreams. I don't have any dreams. I don't have any dreams. I don't have any desire to talk. I have a dream. I dream of him. He sleeps for 1-2 hours in the night. He sleeps for 5 hours in the morning. That gives me strength. My dream is to beat him. If I am in a dream, I will get a visa for my dream. I will get a permanent contact with the farmers. Different organizations are coming. 100 farmers are coming. They are coming to collect the rice. Every Monday and Tuesday, we have a group discussion. Every farmer has problems with agriculture. What are the do's and don'ts? That's it. That's it. Every Monday and Tuesday, at 9 am, we have a discussion about agriculture. We have a discussion about agriculture. We give them food, feed them, free of cost. We have a discussion. Every Monday and Tuesday, at 9 am, we have a discussion. If you are a farmer, you don't have to do anything for 3 acres. Out of 4 acres, you can do only 1 acre of agriculture. You can do 3 acres of seed production, oil, vegetables, and floriculture. Whatever you do. For your daily expenses, you can do 1 acre of agriculture based on the Srikandha. In that, you can do butter fruit, sesame, and many more. If you do 300 srikandha, you can do 15-20 years of srikandha. We can do it after the middle age. We have a discussion. For 1 acre, we need 10 kg of wheat. For the age of 15, we need 10 kg of wheat. If we have oil content, we can do 10,000 kg of wheat. 1 acre is 1 lakh. 300 acres is 3 crores. I am saying that if you think about it, if you put 3 crores as the state bank, the future of our family, if we get any benefits, if we get any savings, the economic power that comes from that savings will increase. Now, you get a message from the land. There was a time when a man was coming from Srikandha for the 8th year. You get a message from the society. After 10 years, you get a CCTV camera, dogs, and you can do anything. You don't have to import a dog. You don't have to buy meat. You can tie a dog around our house and put a camera around it and put it in the cage. Live fencing and windbreaker. It takes 15 years, 16 years, it takes 3 crores. What I dream of is to build a white house for 1 crore. For our children. To live a happy life, to live a happy life, to live a happy life, to live a house for 1 crore. A happy life. A happy life. We need that real life. To build a house for 1 crore. If you give 50 lakhs, you get 1 kg gold. You can put a kg of gold on the two of them. Our soldiers should get a message of putting a kg of gold on the two of them. What I want to say is, if you do it with dedication, you won't get anything. But we are fighting for our land. What? The farmer... The land of the country. The land of the country. The land of the country. The land of the country. The land of the country. But what is happening in reality? The dedication, the dedication, we need to change that. How can we change that? If we do it with dedication, we need to make it happen. We need to put a kg of gold on both of them. We can't put a gold on the two of them. Even if we put a gold on the other one, if I do it with dedication, I can put a kg of gold on both of them. We need to put a crore of gold. 50 lakhs for a kg of gold. 50 lakhs for a kg of gold. Don't put a lot of money. Do it as much as you can for your children. Don't be so big as to own a crore. Do it as much as you can for your children. Give them good quality education. Give them good education. Children will become a good asset. If you put two crores, it will become one crore. Do a good business. Do good farming. Don't make a mess. Don't make a mess. Don't go to any leader's house and rob. If you go to an MLA's house, if you go to an MP's house, you will find white shirts, white pants, and white boots and white slippers. You will find white shirts, white pants, and white boots and white slippers. They will say, he is wearing a MLA and MLA's son. He will be asked to wear such clothes. If you put a gold on him, he will become a good asset. Boss, boss, please stop. He will rob a house. He will rob a house for another 10 crore. He will rob a house. Our children shouldn't do such a sin. Our children shouldn't do such a sin. Because even the blood of a farmer's son is the result of his hard work. Even the blood of a farmer's son is the result of his hard work. A son shouldn't go to any leader's house. A son shouldn't go to any leader's house. So, it is a big sin. So, it is a big sin. So, don't give a job to anyone. Don't go to a suicide camp. Don't go to any leader's house. Give shelter to the animals. Give shelter to the animals. We want a social responsibility. Joseph couple cancelled a shack down which during the sustained Title I happened this society order Symbol of этом abolition Actually a strong Didn't mean that didn't mean that Non Aden Ass earbuds Can work Isn't that right? So, Yu document Album But It You should you know I had a They have created their children and they have gone to the other world. They are praying to God. You have a wall, right? They are praying to God. They are praying to God to see the world better than their lives. They are praying to God. They are praying to God to give health to this family. God give this family prosperity. God give this family a peaceful life. The 3 birds of the same tree came to ask God. They are praying to God to give us happiness and prosperity. They are praying to God to give us a lot of knowledge. In this, there is no difference. There is a spiritual, a spiritual, a spiritual, a spiritual and a spiritual. So, if we have a small piece of land, we can grow a small piece of land. Why shouldn't we do it? If we have 2 acres of land, we can make 20 huts or half acres. Our leaders say, our intellectuals say, our intellectuals say, that it is better to build a wall than a temple. A temple has a roof, a roof, a wall, a roof, a roof, a roof, a wall, everything. But there is nothing in a wall. Who is given fire, water, water, air? The people. So, if we build a temple, we can build a lot of prosperity. So, if you build a wall, you can build a temple with 100 temples. A temple with 100 temples. So, this is a... So, what is this? Every farmer, every farmer, in our land, even if it is a little bit, 20 paise, 10 paise, we can do it. We have to do it. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. We have to do it. It is not like a big landlady. We can do it. Because his family... They had this. And now, his children... Now, I am 40. They are 82 years old. Now, wherever we go, we go here, to Belga, to Dharavad, to Bili. We came here after graduation. But wherever we go, whether it is in the PVC, degree, 10th, or high school, now, we see everything. We see Jawaharlal Nehru, we see Gandhiji, we know about Gotsan, we know about Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, we know about Modi, we know everything. Good and bad. We know everything. How is our mother? How is she? Does she think? Sometimes, when we ask her, she says, our father is a good man. He was born this way. He was born this way. He lived this way. He is good for his children. She says, nothing is needed. We can build a good man. We can build a good man. We can forget about the bad side of that man. This is a farming family. The reason is, the farming families are the ones who are the most powerful. Because, even the food they eat is fair. Even the food they eat is the result of their hard work. is the result of their hard work. That is why, they have that power. Even if they are not in the same age, the farmer, the way he is, the way he is, he is always in the same situation. He is always in the same situation. He is always in the same situation. We should not discuss that. You and I should know that. But, in the middle of all this, we can build a wonderful life. In the middle of all these problems? Yes. In the middle of all these problems? Everything, in the middle of all these problems, our farming family can build a wonderful life. I have forgotten the baby. The baby is still here. He is still playing with us. Come, let us feed him. He has forgotten the baby. In this, the baby is sleeping. visit www.kalamadhima.com and watch the interviews. Thank you for watching.