 No Comment No doubt It was too bad no chance We are again following them to see what happens next. So, you see what happened next. When we were being beaten up, we went back to the office thinking that we don't want to be part of this story. But when we started to see this, we followed them with a U-turn. We followed the bikes. The bikes went to the gate. We put the bike on the side. They put the bike on the side. At the same time, the police came to the gate and told us not to go near the town. We were shocked to hear the reason for that. The poor man told us the story of the town. BASE56 When I first went, people were so smart because they knew me. They say they can't drink a lot because they have auty. it is a big mafia they are loading the vehicle in the restaurant and then they are going to sell it they are doing it in the restaurant whichever road they are loading the vehicle in they are not believing it they are changing the boat after half a kilometer half a kilometer? they are changing one boat now K27 was there after half a kilometer K37 was there good after 12 border, Tamilnadu vehicle was there after 12 border, the number of the village has changed the village is not telling police are going there don't touch police are coming they are coming from the village if you go to this village you should have a small face then you can go the Andhra police are planning to take a person who is a mafia they are planning to take him in this village, they are not taking anyone the media and police are coming yes if you go to this village you can see 50 people around fish, fish, lamb everything police are coming this is a police station in that part of the village this is a police constable the big authorities who protect the law when they are just standing here they are trying to make the police to understand the situation and what they are doing the cover story is standing in front of the wall which is telling us to fight the police are coming what they are doing they are trying to change the village what they are doing they are trying to change the village what village is that? we are going to see the place why are you locking us? this village is not good why is that? all are smugglers the people who go there they are not smugglers they are not in jail if they go they come it is normal they are saying we should see that place we came to see that place how can we go there? they are not there the police are coming they are not here this is a Karnataka police they are also there are you going to save us? politics is the right thing to do in a village like Karnataka if so many crimes are happening the police will be there now the police are going to this village if they are going to go there is no shame there is no shame something is a witness or they are holding everything when they think like that they are going to do the same thing for the people who died here they are going to do the same thing if the police go to arrest them they are going to come back the same thing if they arrest them they are going to leave if the politicians are going to do the same thing if the police are going to arrest these mini Pakistan the next day they are going to be arrested they are going to be arrested now your dirty politicians are not allowed to clean this place if you are going to walk here put a brake on the red sandal and free the police next week we will be back with another story in front of you we will be back with another story next week next week