 Nam silkai even makeshift We are from the Onion, Chopra district Were since noon about 600 kg ofslip We managed to We are collecting about 100 acres of land. The farmers are coming from different parts of India and Karnataka. They are asking about the land. Sir, we are going to Srikanda. We need permission from the forest department. How can we save Srikanda? How can we protect it from the diseases? What are the facilities that the government has? And since it is a land, how can we connect it with Srikanda and other facilities? And how can we change it? Now they are coming with small issues. They are meeting every day. Today, in this video of our brother Satish Kattambale, I would like to talk about this in detail. Today we are going to Srikanda in Karnataka. In English we are going to call it Sandalwood. In Hindi we call it Chandana. Sandalwood is found in different parts of the world. For example, in our country, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, etc. There are 16 different types of sandalwood. In our country, we call it Sandalwood as Santalam album. In Australia, we call it Santalam spiketam. In Srikanda, we call it Santalam SC. In Srikanda, there are different types of sandalwood. Sandalwood is a commercial name. Today, in this situation, especially our youths, what they have done in the past, they are thinking about agriculture. Today, in this situation, in this 2100, there is a law amendment. Private person can grow sandalwood. This is a great opportunity in this situation. In 1282, Tipu Sultan made a law, where in Srikanda, there is a king. In 1782, there were some people. Then Tipu Sultan died on Srikanda. Where is it? It is not the right of the people, it is the right of the king. The same law was passed in the time of the Shatmanas. The law was passed in 2100. Anyone can grow sandalwood, it is their right. Nowadays, sandalwood is called Royal tree. It is called Rajivrudh Gida. Today, the people can grow sandalwood. We should not take any special permission from the government. After we grow, we should ask our village accountant, we should take a Srikanda tree and attach it to our pond. In the morning, we can grow grass, we can grow corn, we can grow rice, we can grow coconut, we can grow dhalambya, we can grow dhraksha, we can grow cup. In the morning, we can grow Srikanda in our pond. What happens is that we have grown Srikanda, and the government has also approved it. For example, if we have grown Srikanda in 2022, if we take a Srikanda in our pond, if we take a Srikanda in 2038 or 2040, if we take a printout of 2024, Srikanda will be there. So, it means that Srikanda has grown and approved it for 16 to 17 years. Then, if there is a question, we should ask the forest department for permission. We should not ask the forest department for permission. We can grow Srikanda in our pond, and it will be enough. Then, there are many questions about how to maintain Srikanda, what are the barriers, and so on. As you know, sandalwood is basically semi-root parasite. It is basically parasitic in nature. Srikanda is a great creature. Another species is found in other ashrams. Now, we should pay attention to the amazing Srikanda species on the other hand. In the same way, sandalwood is a forest species. It is a forest species. And at the same time, it is a very native species of us. It is not from many other countries. This is a local species. Even in the most remote areas, in our Aladhandi, our Beli, our Aladha, our Thippu, and our roads, there are many special species that are found in the forest. They are the ones that are above all. They are called as the dog smell. They are not dog smell. They are the most valuable sandalwood and albom in the world. They are called as queen of sandalwood. Srikanda is the queen. The alpha, beta sandalwoods are more than one of the most developed, high medicinal and aromatic properties in the world. There is no other Srikanda in the world that is more medicinal and fragrant. We have so many developed Srikanda. In our country, Kandada is the land of smell, Chandana is the sandalwood. From the sandalwoods, the Adikavi, Ranna, the Adikavi, Ranna, this is the land of smell. Today, it is a place of development. It is a place of market creation. The technology is developed. Today, as I said, it is a great opportunity for young people. In today's market, from medicinal and fragrant properties, from the medicinal properties in the market, from the smell properties, they are seeing everything in Karnataka. They need this raw material for their production. Today, there is an opportunity. Today, as we know, they are saying that Srikanda's price is something. Sir, what is the price today? The price is a little bit high. If you buy tea, you can invest in Guru Tea. If you get a scheme, if you get a white musli, if you get a shatawari, they will ask about shatawari. This is a price. If you say something, they will make a plan to change it. This is the truth. Today, using this, in the scientific way, today, the Srikanda is changed to 70, 80, 100, 105 rupees and is being sold to the farmers. But, today, Srikanda, if we talk about the market, today, the KSDL is there. Karnataka Sandal Detergents Limited. Today, in Bangalore, in Iswantpur, Srikanda Sabunu Karkane, they are retailing pure sandalwood oil. 5 gram, 10 gram, 2 packings. 5 gram for 2 sari, 10 gram for 5 sari. That means, half a sari for 2 sari, and half a sari for 1 sari, that means, for 1 sari, for 10 gram, 100 gram, and for 100 gram, 5 lakhs. 1 kg of Srikanda is retailed in Karnataka, at a rate of 5 lakhs rupees per kg. Then, Srikanda's small sacks, the small sacks, the Kaveri Emporium through, that too, the government is there, is retailing. 100 gram is 2,600 rupees. That means, 26,000 rupees per kg, 26 lakhs per quintal, 2,60,000,000 rupees per ton, is retailed in Karnataka by the government of Karnataka. We should know all this. If we ask how much is a ton, it is 2,60,000,000 rupees. Now, in today's world, in the world of the farmers, if we have 4 acres of land, we should not do much. We should not do 4 acres of land in all. One fourth, that is, one acre, we should not waste 3 acres of our crop. If we have one acre of Srikanda-based agriculture, if we have a sandalwood-centric agroforestry, if we have one acre, we can get 300 srikandas. Even if we get 10 kg of sandalwood, we can expect an economic yield of 6 to 7 years, 2 years of 15 to 20 years. Instead of 10 kg, we can expect 3 tons of sandalwood, 6 tons of sandalwood. This is an opportunity. Today, the law has been developed, the land is being sold, the land market is being created. We are living in a global era. We are living in a global era. Now, we can say that this is an opportunity. We have all the resources we need. We have land, the land that we have cultivated, in our village. We should use that. If we do this today, we can study the economic and sound life. We can study the economic and sound life. We can study the economic and sound life. Today, we should not only support the animals, but also protect the environment. We should also be social responsibility. We should be social job holders. We should fulfil that social responsibility. We should not only be economic, but also be healthy, and have a good education. We should be healthy, and have a good education. I am saying this in this context.