 We are going to build a small Shrigandha garden in this area. If we do this, we can show the village of Timappa and Raju from Kurupurilligram, which is located in the same district of Iruvu Taluk. They have done a great job. They have given Shrigandha plants in a small garden. We have made a small garden and made a small garden. After the Shrigandha garden was built, we took the seeds from the Shrigandha tree and planted them in the trees. They have planted lakhs of seeds in the area. They have built the Shrigandha garden in their village. They are the members of Jaggi Vasudeva Baba and Kaveri Kugu. I will show you the Shrigandha garden. My name is Veerajobin Venkatappa from Kurupurilligram, Ikkanur post, Iruvu Taluk, Chitruga district. We have planted the Shrigandha plants in our land because of Jaggi Vasudeva Baba's prayer. This is the Chitruga district, the whole of Iruvu Taluk and the entire Shrigandha region is in the same district. The Gurus have given us their prayers. We have planted nine districts in this area. We have planted the seeds in the same area. We have done all this because of their prayers. The water that is coming to the farmers is the water from the ground. The farmers use the water from the ground to make the water. This is very beneficial for the water. It is a good suggestion for the farmers to make the water. We have been getting good water from the ground since the last few years. I would like to encourage all the farmers to use this water. This is a good idea. It will also increase the water content. The water content will increase and the farmers will be more productive. The farmers can use this water to stop the water content. I would like to encourage the farmers to use this water. Do you know your village? I am Venkatappa from Veeraj. I am from Kuruvaralli, Ikanuvruvanchi, Iruvu Taluk, Chitrakoot district, Karnataka state. What is your mobile number? 999-233-1755 I am Venkatappa from Kuruvaralli. We have been farming in Kuruvaralli. We have been doing the farming of rice. The sound of birds is very loud. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have been doing the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We have done the farming of rice in the last 2000 years. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We are doing everything we can to make a living. In Chitrakoot district, we know about you all. You all are in social media. You all are in social media. They are making the most of the world. They are making the most of the world. They are making the most of the world. They are making the most of the world. We are doing everything we can to make a living. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. We have done our best. I heard they are breaking crops due to aector digs. Take an example. You can see the land and the people around you. So, when you come to our village, you can see the lake and you can be a supporter. What message do you want to convey to the people of our state? Many people have been irritated by our actions. They have spoken negatively, but we are not negative, we are positive. We have done everything we could. We have done everything we could to show the people what we can do. We have done everything we could. We need to save the environment. We need to protect the forest, and you all should come and see it. You can grow your own land in your own land. This is very kind. Our main aim is to protect the environment of our district. The people of Devarajniridhi have come to our village and helped us. They have helped us a lot. I am very happy to see these trees. We have come to their support and we have always been ready to give them suggestions. We have contacted Devarajniridhi to give them more information. We need to save the environment and protect the forest. I would like to thank all the people who have come. If you have done this for a while, we can definitely help you. We can help our children. You have helped Devarajniridhi and you can grow your own land in your own land. If you have no money, you can raise your own trees and save the environment. You can go to my wife and we are very happy to help you. This is Chitradurga village. I was surprised when I came to Kurubareli village. I was surprised because the birds are very beautiful. I was surprised to see two people standing in front of me. They are Raju and Timopar. Timopar and Raju have been very close to me. I know Devarajniridhi and Chitradurga. They have done a lot of work in the water conservation. They have taken care of me. They have taken care of Kaveri and Andhra. They have taken care of 25,000 people in our district. I like to say that they have done a lot of work. They have not only done that, they have also taken care of these birds. They have not given them food. If the forest is not good, they will come to the shelter. If I hear the sound of birds in the forest, I feel like I am in the forest. They have taken care of 25,000 people in this village. They have taken care of the birds by spreading the seeds in the villages. As for me, Kurubareli is a small country in the state. They have done a good job in the state of Kurubareli. They have done a good job in our district. They are the people of the state. I thank them for their support. I don't wish to say that everyone will become a Kota Deshwar. We have created a place for agriculture in our agriculture land. We have created a place for agriculture in our agriculture land. We have created a place for agriculture in our agriculture land. They have been working in Chitradugha for 8 years. If their government policies are so big, they should have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have given permission to the government to build the government. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. They have been working in the fields to increase the quality of the food. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done. I would like to thank the government for the work they have done.