 Hi, Namaskar. Today I am going to share a good topic. Microchip. For women, it is for protection. Everyone has a problem, everyone has a dream. How to protect their smell, how to make profit from it. I will tell you how to install the chip, how much it costs, when to install it, how long it takes. I will give you a complete description of how to install the battery. Come and see. If you haven't subscribed to any other channel, please subscribe to the channel. Share this video in your groups. Because this information, or this information, is being given in different ways. It can be in newspapers or in other articles. That is, I will buy this chip and go. Tell me what this chip will do for me. I will give you a complete description of it. Come and see. If you see here, this is a lot that we have already installed the chip. That is, prototype. This is being tested for the chip. But when the testing is done, this chip is being used to make a mesh for the walls you see here. This is a wall that has been here for about 18 to 25 years. This is the wall that is being installed. For this, they are putting a chip here and giving protection. That is, testing is done. But they have installed a mesh here. Why have they installed a mesh? Because someone is trying to get this wall to work. This is one of the protection. If you put a mesh here, it will not be able to work. That is why they have installed this. Then why have they installed it from 5 to 8 feet? If you ask, the smell is only 5 feet from the other. The other one is completely full of smell. Then the wall is not working. That is why they have installed this. This is the same as the other one. This is the same as the other one. This is the same as the other one. The smell of the wall is only 5 feet above the ground. That is why you get a hardwood. What you see there is a small memory chip. That is a security chip. In common terms, security chip is a small one. It works as a security chip. But this chip is the most expensive. The price of this chip is 500 to 800 rupees. For today's price, it can be less. But what I am saying is, If you put a chip here, it will be visible to the eye. If it is visible to the eye, how can it be protected? The question is very important. Now I will tell you in detail. If the voice is not correct here, There is a sound issue. We are recording this again. Here you can see the wall. This is a 8 year old wall. This is a chip. This is another type. This is the size of the chip. The size of the chip is 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches. This is in the shape of a wall. The chip is visible. It will come in the same shape and color. That is because it is a camouflage. It is a kind of camouflage. It is a camouflage that is a camouflage. It is a camouflage that is a camouflage. But it is visible to the eye. It is not a big deal. What we did in the prototype is, 8 feet. I put this chip in a 8 feet long stick. I put this chip in a 8 feet long stick. What this chip does is, When the vibration is too strong, When the vibration is too strong, When the vibration is too strong, When you cut it from the stick, What sound will come? When you put it from the machine, It creates a vibration. It will give you an alarm. It will give you an alarm. It will give you an alarm. When you give an alarm, Will you come and hit the color or try to hit it? Will you come and hit the color or try to hit it? If you don't come and hit the alarm, See how much protection you can give. Now after hitting the alarm, After hitting the alarm, Why does the stone stick to the stick? Why does he stick to the stick? He has a stick in his eyes. We put it in the hole. He needs it. There is a number there. He will take it out and stick it in the hole. He will take it out and stick it in the hole. He will take it out and stick it in the hole. Now how can you trace the chip? Now how can you trace the chip? So chip is not that reliable. So chip is not that reliable. If I close my eyes and put the chip in the hole, It will be completely lost. What do I do for that? Many people think so. If I put a chip in it, it will be no problem. This is one. The second problem is, One day, the companies came from Mysore and said, One year, I will take 80 rupees and take the wall. I will come after a year and put a chip in it. They put a chip in the first wall, and after 8 years, they don't come to put the chip in the wall. They don't come to put the chip in the wall after 8 years. The wall will be small. They are all fake companies. I will come after a year and give you free fencing. I will give you 50 rupees from the previous year. I will give you free chip after 2 years. These are all fake. This company is a fraud. No one is coming from Mysore. That's why I am telling you. If you want to do such a plantation, you have to take your responsibility. You have to take your responsibility. Don't give your responsibility to anyone. Don't give your responsibility to anyone. Don't give your responsibility to anyone. When your dreams, your land, your money, when all this is yours, why do you have a major concern? Security, if someone dies, if someone believes, that is my request. This cost is 500 to 800, this cost is 5 to 8 lakh rupees per acre. Again, another problem. I will tell you that. Another problem is, every 3 years, you have to change the battery. The battery cost is 50 to 70 rupees. If you change the cell, the cell will be the same as the watch cell. If you change the cell, life will be better. But as of now, to get out of the prototype, it will take 1 to 2 years minimum. If you want to give security to the body, you have to put a mesh on the border, then put a dog on the border, and then install an alarm system. Then install an alarm system. Then install an alarm system. Then install an alarm system. Then install an alarm system. What do the alarm sensors do? If someone is running at night, it will give you a signal, it will automatically start making sounds. I have done all this, and I hope you liked this video. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. Please subscribe to my channel.