 Music The biggest cost is the loss of the farmer. If we work hard for the last 10 years, we can make a crore of money. We can make a hundred crores of money. If we put a number on the loss, it will come on our heads. It will be enough. Blood is the best price. If it doesn't rain, we can make a lot of money. We have put 20-30 acres of land. If we look at the show, we can make a crore of money. We can make a hundred and twenty-three acres of land. We can make a liter of land for 2000 rupees. We can make 25 crores of land. If we put a number on the loss, we can make a crore of money. If we work hard, we can make a crore of money. Music Hello, I am your friend, DMS. I am at a farm in Malvali Talakku, Rithanapuram, on Monday. I have Munir Reddy with me. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. He is the one who has given me the knowledge of the Shrikanth's house. Come, friends. Hello, sir. How are you? I am fine. Why do you think Shrikanth has left? The reason is that the farmers are at a loss. They will lose their lives in doing anything. If we work hard and put some effort for the next five years, we can make a crore of money. We can make a crore of money. We should work hard enough. We will make good houses from 100. We will make good houses from 100. That's what we are looking for. We have got a hundred or a few under the tree. We have got a hundred or a few under the tree. If we can't do this, we can't do anything. We can't do this. If we can't do this, we can't do anything. If we can't do this, we can't do this. Do you give the houses to your friends or your family? I give them to my friends. How do you know that Srikandha is there? I know. I know that there are two types of blood moon and white moon. There are three types of blood moon. Yes. One is blood moon, the other is white moon and the other is Srikandha. Yes. What is the price for this? Blood moon is a good price. Why did you buy this? Blood moon is the right one. Srikandha is the right one. Blood moon is the right one. You said that you gave the houses to your Prime Minister. How do we build the land here? There should be support inside. Should there be support inside? Yes, there should be support inside. If there is support for this, we can build the land here. We can clean everything. If there is support inside, it is good. If there is support inside, it is good. There should be support inside. We can build the land there. We can build the land there. You have built one house. How many floors have you built? 10 floors. 10 floors. One floor is for the people. One floor is for the people. We have mixed mud and coconut. We have mixed mud and coconut. It should be there. We can build the house inside. If there is art, you say that you can build the houses. Srikandha should have art. If there is art, it is not good. We should add more. We should add more. We should add more. We should add more. If there is over rule, it is useless. If there is over rule, it is useless. It is useless. If we are afraid to run, it is useless. It is useless. You have built one house for one year. How do you build up a house? How do you build up a house? How do you build up a house? We Europeans are given an event in the Government We Europeans are given an event in the Government Weangi got aett would built on the same site together with house filters. All the immature elements are added to the house. All the immature elements are added to the house. If we add up anlataints one by one, If we add lot of last four single selected elements, It will not be enough. If we put the nondregeld one by one, To construction man, The dawn will be requires to be built. You have to give it a tap. You have to press it once. When do you give the water? How long? If it rains, I don't give it. If it doesn't rain, I give it to the water. You have to give it water. If it rains, I don't give it. If it rains, I don't give it. If it rains, I don't give it. If it rains, I don't give it. You have to give it water only when it rains. How much water can you give? Basically, I give it daily. You give it daily? Yes, I give it daily. How much water do you give if you put the coconut? I see it and give it once a year. Is it enough? No, no. Once a year, half a bottle is enough. If you give it to the pot, it is enough. If you give it to the pot, it is enough. If the pot is to be used for 10 years, do you have to do any arrangement? If it is to be used for 10 years, we mix some water and water. We mix some water and water. We mix some water and water. If the pot is not good, if the pot is not good, we put some coconut water and water. How many acres of water did you put? I put 750 acres. I put 750 acres. How many acres? 2 acres. Did you put all the water or did you leave some gaps? I put all the water. Did you put all the water? Did you put all the water? We had some water in the pot so we put the water in the pot. We have prepared it and filled it with water. We filled it with water and we have filled it with water. If it rains, there will be no problem. If it rains, there will be no problem. How long will this be used? More than 15 years. If you look at it now, if you look at it now, it will be used for a day. It will be used. If you want to see it for a day, it is here. In any other time, there is a problem. There is a problem. There is a problem. There is a problem. There is a problem. In this climate as a world we know a lot of Israel begins to progress. So we put it to use. There are lots of Israelis between us. They have a huge fan base in Israel. If you have the sunshine, inside it always changes Kabbalah. However, when the temperatures sabriEL change to CO2, I have to put the money in the pockets and pay the tax. It is not possible for the farmers to grow with any money. They should be brave and grow with this money. If I want to come, I can't come. I have to stay. Now we are not Gandhari or Sri Gandhari. Now we are in the sea, we are not going to come. That is a criminal case. You are growing your own land. What is the problem? I am building a 20 feet compound. No one should come inside. Today it is closed. Tomorrow the oil will start. We will see the time and build the compound. If you want to leave Sri Gandhari, should we get permission from the government? No. If we want to cut it, we will have to pay the tax. If we leave Sri Gandhari, we will have to pay the tax. If you are growing your own land, should we get permission from the government? No. If we are growing our own land, should we get permission from the government? Yes. We can't do without tax. So we should pay the tax to the government? Yes. We can pay the tax. We can get a day's salary from the government. We should be brave and do our best to stop the corruption of the farmers. We have been in the market for a long time. We have been in the market for a long time. What we should do is, the farmers should trust this for a day. There should be another place to stay. We should build a compound and pay the tax. The farmers should not be seen. The farmers should not be seen. What is the name of your village? Our village, Osurodu. Osurodu. We came here and bought land. We were young. When I was 15 years old, I was a power generator. We were drinking tea and water. But we didn't have water that day. We were drinking tea and water. I spent one rupee a month on electricity. We couldn't get electricity. Then someone came and made a power generator. In Bangarappan field. Since then, this is the only way. If we get a chance, we can get a day's salary. Otherwise, the farmers will not be able to say that they are doing well. They will not be able to. You have planted a coconut tree here. When you plant a coconut tree in the middle, doesn't it get wet? No, it is okay. It gets wet. It is good because there are trees. How much of the coconut tree did you plant? It is 25 to 30 feet. In between, you planted it in one gap? Yes, it is okay. We need support. If we have support, everything is good. How much support is good? It is good. I just want to say that if there is too much of water, it will not be possible to go inside. After one plant, the water was too much. It was raining and I was leveling it. If we want to build a dam, we need support. We need to put in the support of the people. We need to build it as children do. Even after 10 years, it doesn't smell like anything. What do you know about it? If it is good, it will start after 10 years. We need to do it when we come here for security. We did it in Kampadu. We can do it now. We can do it. We will get money after 5 years. If you say that the smell is like Srikandha, and white, blood, why do you think this smell is like that? Why do you think it is Srikandha? I usually say that it is white. How do you know it is Srikandha? We know it from the stem. How does it look? It looks like this. It looks like this. What is the difference? For example, when you look at it, you will feel it. Everyone knows it. Now, the seeds are coming. After 3 years, we will plant the seeds, and if we do this, we will get some maintenance. We will get the seeds. After 3-4 years, we will get the seeds. In some places, there is a seed. In nursery, we plant the seeds. Yes, and here, look at the seeds. Look at the cup. This is the seed. We will get the oil at a good rate. Oil, you call it as oil. Yes, it is used for massages. 1 litre costs 2000 rupees. It is used in this way? Yes. After 4 years, how much will it take? After 4 years, we have planted it. It is for 2-3 years. We will plant it wherever we can. If you leave it, it will take 4-5 years. It is for 2-3 years. Yes, we have 2 kg seeds. Yes, we have seeds. How do you know about the seeds? I know about the seeds in the pot. I know about the seeds in the pot. I will show you. You are taking the seeds from the nursery, right? Show us how it is. They have not maintained it. They had planted the seeds at home. We have watered it and it has grown a little. They have not seen the nursery. They have not seen it. I knew that it was growing well. I thought I could do it. I watered it and it has been 5-6 days. I watered it and it has grown well. It has grown well. There were some seeds that had fallen out. If you do it properly, it will grow well. Yes. Some have fallen out. Yes, people have not seen it. We have maintained it. We do not keep it for long. We take interest in it. I am in Bangalore. I have planted it here. I thought I could do it. That's it. They have grown well. Yes. We keep it in the soil and we plant it in the pot. We do not take money from it. We do not take money from it. We do not take money from it. We do not take money from it. We have planted it in the soil. I thought you would tell me that you have planted it in the soil. You can. Priya has planted it. You have planted it for Rs.100-120 Yes, Rs.100-120 Yes, Rs.120. In this spot, Rs.50-50 was there. Yes, it was more than that. What is your name? Tarikere. Where are you coming from? Badravathi road. We have been doing canter from there. We have made a profit of 15,000 rupees. How many acres do you have in one acre? We have 300-475 acres in one acre. Now we have two acres. If you are going to build a two acre house for 15 years, how much will you be able to afford? If we can build it well, it will be 25 crores. That means it will be enough for 20 years. If you have two acres of land and 700 acres of land, it will be enough for 10 years. Will you be able to manage these fields? If we put this in the soil and cover it, it will be enough. We can change it. That is why we have come here. You said that you have built 200 acres of land and 700 acres of land. It has been almost 20 years. Now, if you tell your experience to our viewers, what will they say? Will they say that Srikantan has not built it? They will say no. They will all leave. They will leave because they are interested and they have to work hard and look after their children. If it is enough, they will be able to get some money from the Aswar family. Even if it is a special occasion, they will leave. They will leave. They will work hard. That is what I was saying. They should be interested and work hard. We are here at 5 am and we are looking after them. We should not wait for half a year. There is no one to wait for that long. We should wait. If we wait, we can get some money. But you are doing other businesses. There are other farms. You are doing other farms. You have not believed this. We have put in the soil. We have not spent much. We have put in the soil. We have not spent much. We have put in the soil. You have put in the soil. One time investment is a good thing for you. Yes, we have to put in the soil. If we put in the soil, we have to be brave and put in the soil. That is what happens. We have lost everything we have gained. We have gained since then. We have lost everything. I was telling you that I was losing power. That day, I did not have money. I was running around the place. I was running around the place. I was running around the place. I was losing money. Even today, there is no loss. Nobody is getting anything. If you say, a coconut is Rs.50-50, two parts of it are like this, half of it is Rs.40, another is Rs.80. What will you get? If you leave a coolie and open it, you can buy it and sell it to the market. I want to share your experience. If you sell a coolie, you can get a big profit. If you sell a coolie, you can get a big profit. We have been running around the place for the last 20-30 years. We have been running around the place for the last 20-30 years. We have to be strong. If we wait and buy a coolie, we can get a good amount. Yes, we can get a good amount. I was very happy to talk to you. I was very happy to talk to you. I gave very good information and told people about Sri Gandha. I was very happy. Thank you. May God give you health and health. Thank you. Thank you. Friends, you have seen how to know the history of Sri Gandha. Asmar has said, Sri Gandha is very old. Asmar has said, Sri Gandha is very old. Because, there are many such old ones like the small ones, and the big ones too. But we have put this in 2 acres. We have put in 700 acres of Sri Gandha. We have come to save this for 15 years. We have come to see the face of the world. He said, we can get a profit of 25 crores. If we wait for 15 years, we can get 25 crores. We can eat it in peace. We can eat it in peace. When we do farming, we should not do anything bad. We should do something good. Asmar has said. If you have land, you can build 1 acre, 2 acres, or 300 acres of houses. If you have land, you can build 200 acres of houses. If you wait for 15-20 years, you can get good income. Sri Gandha is a big one. There is a variety of it. In this, Sri Gandha is very rich. Then, you can build it. You should also stay in this. Thank you.