 Music Welcome to Kavishti! I am Vijayalakshmi Shibhar. We have all been standing still since the time the wild animals died. We have been living in peace, thinking that all the bad smell of our country will be gone. But let me tell you a story that will make us feel peaceful. In the Bangalore forest, they are trying to steal the smell of crores of rupees. But let me tell you a story. One day a distant forest came. It was a forest of the people who love the environment. They made a strange dream in our mind. That is, in the Bangalore forest of the world, crores of rupees are being stolen by the holy forest. They thought that they were making a cover story. At first, they thought that they were making fun. Because in a concrete forest like Bangalore, where should the smell of crores of rupees come from? But they worked hard and stole the wealth of the country. Please don't get angry and go to our house and open your eyes. After listening to their story, they started their journey to Jnanabharati. The people who love the environment welcomed us. They were excited and they took us to the Bangalore university campus. The forest here is in a very bad shape. The campus is in a very bad shape due to the plastic waste. The trees here have been destroyed by the wild animals. But we don't have any dry trees here. But we don't have any trees here. So, the sadness started to spread in our mind. But our sadness was gone when we entered the Jnanabharati temple. Because we were surprised here. We were surprised to see the views here. Here, the trees of the holy forest were destroyed. Yes, crores of rupees are being stolen here. You can get the trees of the holy forest from the temple. The dead trees are being destroyed. You can get more than 20 to 25 thousand rupees for a piece of wood. The pieces are being destroyed. If we take the big pieces of wood, there is no security. Sri Gandha is our pride. We call it the Kirti of Karunada. But the wealth of the forest is destroyed. The most valuable trees are being destroyed. The trees are being destroyed. The trees of the holy forest are being destroyed. They plant the trees in the night. They plant the trees in the night. There are so many trees there. You can see the trees there. But you can see the trees for a day or two. You can see the trees for a day or two. It's so nice. There is no place here. You can see the trees everywhere. There are so many trees. Is it? Yes. At one time, the Bengali people were living in the forest. This was a special property for the animals. They call this the holy forest. Because there were so many holy trees here. In the 80s, there were so many holy trees here. Sri Gandha was always full of holy smell. This is what the professor reminds us of every day. I came to this campus in 1983. Since then, there has been no holy tree here. There are so many trees here. There are so many trees here. I think the university should give priority to this. This is a smelly tree in Bangalore. We have protected the top priority tree. That's why the university is growing so much. It's growing so much. But now, the smell has spread in the smelly area. Sri Gandha is like a milk of stones. Every day, at least two to three trees are sacrificed for the stones. It's not a curse. The roadside is so bad. There are so many trees in the inside. I think that's why it's called a curse. There are even small walls. All of them are like a tree. They are cut down and left there. They are left for a week or two. Then they are cut down into small pieces and taken away. But the environment department of the biopark is trying to control the smell. The study accuses that they have come to the south and are trying to control the smell. It's so easy. We are standing on this road and there are so many street lights. They will hit us with stones when we are about to leave. There are 33 private security guards in Bangalore. They don't pay attention to this. If they hit us with stones, no one will listen. When we see the smelly trees in the forest, we get shocked. When we walk around the area, we see a clear sign. The stones are not cut down. They are cut down into small pieces and are being used as a tool. There is a machine. They use it to cut down trees in just two seconds. They use this machine to cut down trees. No one listens to us when we use the machine. When we see the machine, we feel like we have cut down 5 kg of trees. If we cut down trees, we will be involved in the problem. If we are involved, we can't do anything. There is a lot of smell in the forest. If we write that there might be a lot of dust in the forest, we will get a good answer. Because the smell of the trees has been removed by the stones. No one has been affected by this in the world. Today, they have done a different plantation. This valley is the valley from the first building to this building. They have done a sandalwood plantation in that region. It is coming out very well. They have cut down the trees. There is a committee called the Biopark Committee. They should replace the committee with sandals and sandals. They should get suggestions. If you see a bad person and steal the wealth that you have earned in your own house, you are in the deep sleep of the world. The family is sleeping in the hands of the dead. There is no information in the area.та Having dreamed of a microswitch, police force have stayed in bed. Are they also in their cooks? lets watch with the break now.