 A complete video about Blackwood will be uploaded. Many people have doubts about how to build it and where to build it. We will talk about that in the next video. Since we are making a video today, this is a very important video. We will discuss about the damage done in the last 3 years. How the sand was taken by the people who walked around the area in 1 feet. Let's talk to this farmer. Basically, it's been 3 years. Yes, 3 years. How deep is it? Nearly about 1 feet. More than 1 feet. The main reason is the host. Here is the bunny. We showed in the last video how the bunny was taken down. It was sitting alone. Today, you can see that it is lying down. It is locked. Basically, what is happening here is that it is not planned to be put down. It is naturally taken down. But there is a tree there. You can see that. 3 feet. This is the key. This is also 3 years old. People don't believe it. I am not saying this. That's why I am asking the writer. Sir, come here. Please give an introduction. Basically, he is an agri diploma. He is a full-time farming type. The people who are interested in this are 11 acres. They are developing one acre. They are developing their own land. Please give an introduction about when you started your first agri diploma. My name is Vishwanath Nagar. I am from Balakot district. This is 11 acres of land. We have grown rice and rice. Next is lime. This is lime. This is lime. Next is lime. This is lime. Next is lime. Next is lime. Next is lime. Next is lime, lime. The first agri diploma was the first one. The first one. How many acres did you put? 3 acres. They started from there. They had to enter this Arunakrishi area. And in 2019, they started Shrikanth and Akare Teek. 2 of them were there. In this plot, Srikant has brought it in the plot, the Hebbia plot. There he has brought tea. For tea, forest department. Our sandal is also the same. Forest department has brought it. Along with this, they are growing rice. What is the distance between the rice and the tea? Sir, the distance is 10 feet. 10 feet, sandal to sandal, row to row, space to yard, same. 10 bettons, means 430 plants per acre. In between, they are growing rice. That is 5 feet. 5 feet. They have planted a rice plant every 5 feet. That too from 2019. Same, sir. That was a year ago. Rice plant. First they planted 10 bettons. Then they started planting sandal. So, plant to plant. Each plant has 5 feet. But the one from the soil is 10 feet. Rice plant is 10 feet. Then, the first host, what did they give? They gave the seedlings. How many years have they given? One year. They took one year and planted. Then they left it. Come, sir. Let us see the garden. Here. That is one year. No, that is not one year. It has grown well. That is one year. Take a look here. Yes. You can see another one. What was that? This was 3.5 years. 4 years. 2019. You can see growth of 2019. Now, consider that it was 4 years. If you want to have a good formation of the heart, you need to have constant stress and consistency. Consistency means to be in a constant connection. You need to be in constant stress. You need to be in constant contact. If you just get stuck in the middle of the mountain, and before that, if you have targeted the mountain for 15 years, if you want to cut it, then there is a chance for a heart attack. It is extremely healthy, right? It is good in the initial stage, but if you maintain it like that, it will be wrong. So, we will discuss with sir what to do about secondary metabolism. This is the first time I have seen this. This is the fourth year since I came here. What these trees have done is, they have drained the extreme nutrients from the sand. It means that the fruits of all the trees are coming from different places. I will put some different species of fruits here. This tree is almost 4 and a half years old. It is 3 and a half years old. It has already taken all the energy to grow up to 4 years old. You can see the side of the tree. It is almost healthy. It is healthy and strong. It is called a marine tree. It is a good place to grow. If there is no secondary host, then a permanent host will be given. I have given some coconut. One advantage is that it has grown a lot. It has grown 3-4 feet. It has grown a lot. After one year, it has grown a lot. After one year, it has grown a lot. It has grown a lot. It has grown a lot. Did you give anything to the root zone? No, I did not give anything. I did some irrigation in the summer. You did not give water in the summer? No, I did not give water. If there is no water, then it can be used once or twice. What I am saying is that the leaf density of the leaves is much less. You have already seen it. If you want to see the difference between the two, look at this tree. How many leaves is there in this tree compared to this tree? Even if there are only two trees, photosynthesis activity will be definitely less in this tree. The growth of the leaves will be stunned if the time is like this. growth the size of the leaves will also be bigger in length and in comparatively so if you have that much boost up the soil okay boost up the soil so that you know the size of the leaves so the leaves have dropped here here, full leaf has dropped okay now in another year all this will go in the trash it will go back it has almost gone now if you cut it, it will come back yes yes it is not getting smaller it has grown so much okay but it is not good to cut it from inside what happened sir? it is not good because it is in the center it is not good it is a big problem inside it is all dead inside it is all dead okay okay at night it is all dead we both came here okay so now you have left the plant yes now you have already seen with the smell they have planted it in the field the smell in the field is weak but here you can see the border the plants in the field why is it so beautiful the answer is the light the light is very important if you want to smell it you have to plan it from the beginning that is why I am making this video the second idea is the host is not enough you are watching this is our beehive and our bunny how beautiful it is because the bunny beehive is big it is very strong because of the light it has been growing for 3 years it is 1 feet long if the farmer tries this is the minimum I always say don't cut the tree too much it is not important to cut 1000 trees you can cut 100 trees and make it in a good size or you can cut it in a good way okay so the purpose of this video is to help the farmer with a little knowledge light, nutrients and host don't count the three and go on the number don't put 200 or 600 they put 400 the result is not there because it is very strong and the host is dying remember this let's continue the video micro nutrients and DIP DIP is not given in the beater DIP is also there for the year planting time nothing is given