 I'm going to show you a place that is very famous in Karnataka. It is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a forest nursery. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. This is a place that is very famous in Karnataka. I'm going to introduce you to the nursery. I'm going to introduce you to the nursery. You are maintaining these strong trees. When did you start the nursery? I started the nursery in 2011. I started the nursery in 2012. It was very difficult. I was not able to give birth to children. I was not able to give birth to children. When we started the nursery, we had to put in a bag of fish soup. When we started the nursery, we had to put in a bag of fish soup. During the primary stages, the milk was very healthy. I am from Terala, I have been coming here since 2 years. It has been raining heavily since then. I am growing these seeds in Shivmaga and Chikmaga. How many seeds do you grow at a time? I grow 900 kg seeds at a time. Can you tell us the process of growing these seeds? We take the seeds in a bucket and soak them in water for 24 hours. We don't need to take any other type of seed. We can take treatment from local Shivmaga and Chikmaga. We plant seeds for 16 to 20 days. We plant seeds on the rock, then we water the seeds. Then we plant seeds on the rock. The seeds will turn brown and turn brown. We take 4 kg seeds and 1 gram of gibralte acid. We mix 90 ml of alcohol with 2 liter of water. We plant seeds in the water for 24 to 25 days. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We plant seeds in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. We water the seeds in the bucket and then we plant them in the soil. Is this the end of the process? Yes, sir. So, only 40% of the seed generation is done by you? Yes, sir. We have left the remaining 80% of the seed generation after we planted it in the soil. We have left the remaining 80% of the seed generation after we planted it in the soil. So, you have planted this much seed. So, you have planted this much seed in the year of May and January. So, you have planted this much seed in the year of May and January. Sir, we planted this much seed in November and December. We have planted this much seed in November and December. We have been planting this much seed for the past two years. This year it rained heavily and we had to stop planting. We are continuing to plant this much seed. So, we have succeeded in this. When do you give this seed to the people? Sir, we give it on June 3rd. So, do you give it to the farmers for free? We have a Christian Procedure Scheme in our area. We give it to the farmers on the 3rd of March. The farmers will give it for free. We give it on the 3rd of March for free. We give it to the farmers in the area. We give it to the farmers in the area. We have a different scheme. For the farmers we give it to them. When you tell farmers to plant the seed, they will ask them to plant it. They will ask for a limit of 400 kms. They will ask for water. We limit the number of acres to 400. We limit the number of acres to half an acre. We limit the number of acres to 80 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. We limit the number of acres to 100 acres. Thank you. We say that if we want to take a tree to a nursery, we have to save a small part of the tree. We can see this in every tree. We can see this in every tree. We can see this in every tree. This is a very good nursery. It is not just 10 lakhs. It is the best nursery in the whole of Karnataka. It is the best nursery in the whole of Karnataka. It is the best nursery in the whole of Karnataka. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.