 Music Even one place is not enough It is like Hollywood cinema Look at this The sand, the hills, the middle This is so peaceful All that you see there is smell The smell of the holy place Look at the farm tour It is so beautiful Look how beautiful it is Every tree is like this Music All sand is made of wood Music I have cooked sand I don't like the smell Look how it is done One by one Look It has been two months Look at the tree It has grown so much Look how much it has grown Every tree is like this We have fed these trees like this Music No one believes that this tree is a tree They say that this is the sand root that is grown for 18 months Music All sand is made of wood Look This is the smell that Krishnapasar is talking about The hill This is the smell Music This is the smell of the temple Music The whole hill is surrounded by the smell of the temple Music Super Music 18 months This is a plot of 1300 feet This is the seedling We didn't like the seedling This is all rotten You go to the next farm You can take it one by one This is all done by ACP The ground at that level If it was there, it would have been better If it was up here We have made it right and made it to a level Look at this Music Look at the happiness Yes This is 1300 tractor of soil Isn't it 1300 tractor of soil Yes Made it to a level Look at this This is the land of the forest This is the favorite tree of Krishnampur If you go to the next farm, everything is like this This is sand wood Look What is this Look, come here Look Did you see Look What a heaven Every tree is good Healthy I feel happy when I see this tree Once a month What you did, how much you earned in Bengal What I did I gave this tree to someone I will give it to someone I feel like I am a beggar I will go and see The workers have given it to me Music These are all tea leaves Yes, tea leaves These two are mixed Music Look, what these two did Sand wood is mixed Mixed The good thing about this place is You can go up to 30-70 feet Already 30-30 feet You can't go up to 30 feet You can't go up to 30 feet Look, not even one tree is broken This is the same big Look, message Not even one tree is broken This tree This is how they have left it Naturally This is how they have left it Naturally This is how they have left it What they are doing is They are leaving the trees that are broken This is the way This message is for the farmers We have to leave the farmers Look, the tree is broken The rock is broken The same way they have left it Now you don't have to cut the rambana If you cut the rambana Water will come out You don't have to take water You can put it inside Inside, the central tree will be filled And it will be filled For that, you have to observe once We didn't leave a single tree There is a tree in between We have left it If the tree is going straight The tree will be broken in 20-25 years There is no problem No rambana has been cut That is natural grains If you leave it What happens is You will have a chance to die If you take water You will definitely see the farmers I will be watching everywhere They will cut all the trees And make a ball They will cut the same tree And make a ball You will not understand the tree The leaves are completely broken Look, this is the problem Look, it is like Hollywood cinema Look at this You have to leave the tree If it is going straight Why should I cut the rambana There is no use of cutting The whole tree will be broken Did you understand It is done We have cut the rambana So small There is no reason to cut it You can cut it You have to cut another one You have to cut another one Look at the size It is 3 years old It is 3 years old We have cut the trees We have cut the trees In this There are 25 trees One is a species of tree There are 5 species There are 5 species 5 species of trees 5 species of jasmine We should not think that We have cut the trees We should have all You have cut all trees One tree from the ground No, not one tree This is jasmine Not both Look at the trees Look at the support It has started Look This is orange Look in front Orange tree Orange, support Shaped Namaskar As you said this is a barren land Yes All stones and rocks Look This is not done in JCB This is done in Itachi Yes Itachi is done in 4 blocks and it takes 15 days to complete It is visible JCB says that JCB will be built in JCB does not move on this bed It should be equal road and it should be in a good condition It will be done What we are doing is We have built Itachi Itachi 3, 4 blocks I have moved here since I died here I have not left here for a day in Bangalore I have built this for this land Look at this This is a stone bridge It is similar to the one in Maradar The same The same woods, the same trees, thousands of trees There are 7000 trees in total Our boundary is full There are 7000 trees Good Madri This is not Madri for us but Madri for the world If we had Madri, we would not have been so happy Because we have built this in Bangalore and in Krishnapur We should have built this Some people ask Why is this being built? Why is this being built? Why is this temple built? You have been here for 10 years The government says that you will be here for 15 years Government has recognized this You will be here for 5 years I am not sure I don't know about any major fund, LIC, FD I don't know anything For this property I have given my full money I have given my full money Completely I have given my full money I have given my full money I have cut the tax I have cut the tax You have covered the Tavanna that Blockman stayed in I have paid the sale tax That too with the income tax I should have done this I should have done this My children were sad My father had no sense He has done this much He had left the bazaar Everyone has done this You have put a brick in front of his house You have put a brick in front of his house You have put a brick in front of his house You have put the brick in front of his house You have said on the channel that I have put sandalwood in 20 acres. Today's vision is a vision. Yes. You have shown your sandalwood cuttings to the people. Yes. You should not do that. They will say that they will cut it and then cut it. When you cut it and show it to the people, they will get an experience. You should do that. You will get the experience. I want to thank you all for going to my farm and giving me this sandalwood. I want to thank you all for going to my farm and giving me this sandalwood. I am thankful to you all. I want to thank you all. If you want to see our farm, come to Chamman Nagar. I will give you the address. You cannot come here without me. I will give you the address. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. You can come here and enjoy the farm. Thank you for the very kind words. You came to our farm and said this directly. Our sir has been trying to ask me to give him a coffee. I said, how can I say this? You said you will show your farm. First you showed your farm. What is the point in talking about it? I have fixed a trick for that and come here today. I have described it clearly. You can call me in advance and ask me some information. You can call me in advance and ask me some information. You can call me in advance and ask me some information. Don't disturb me too much. Ask me honestly. I have already told you. Don't trouble me. Don't tell me that you don't want to share information. Don't tell me that you don't want to share information. There are many things in my당 farm that you can't give me. I am telling you, don't worry Don't worry about the money, don't worry about the food We have prepared the best food for you We will talk in 2-3 minutes, thank you