 Sri Gandhi and has made other objectives records based on his agriculture Even in the freedom Sir, we have seen the house. We are very happy. It is easy to think that we should do this. But when it comes to sadhana, it becomes a big problem. And there is a lot of situation behind it. When did you decide to do this? It was a long time ago in 2003-04 in our part. In Chikmangalur district, Tharikeera taluk. In that part, in 2006, Adikey Thota was built. After Adikey Thota was built, I was thinking of what to do in Malayasya. In Malayasya, there are big forest walls. If we want to build forest walls, we should build sagwani walls. Because my Adikey Thota was completely destroyed in the beginning. After Adai Thota was built, I was thinking of building a wall in Malayasya. I was thinking of building a teak house. With the teak house, we have permission to build a shrikhanda house in 2001-02. We knew that from the government. There was an advertisement that if we build a shrikhanda house in 2011, we will get 1 lakh payasam from the government in 10 years. I was thinking of doing that and building a wall in Malayasya. In 2005, I was thinking of building a shrikhanda house in my son's house. It's been 11 years now. I am very happy that I have built a shrikhanda house in my son's house for the last 15 years. I have made a profit of 1 lakh 80 thousand rupees. How many acres have you built? I have started with 4 acres and increased it to 44 acres. I have already explained how to save and save something in the Freedom App. They can see it and build it. You said that you are not going to tell the secret of success. You said that you have to save and build it. You said that you have to save and build it. Is that in the app? Yes, it is in the app. I have told the secret of success in the app. No one will tell the secret to their success. But the farmers have to do it. We have to build the shrikhanda house in Karnataka. Shrikhanda is very important in the world. I have told the secret of success in the app. I have explained everything in the app. It is difficult to do anything and it is very difficult to succeed. When you want to do something, you have to know the secret. If you want to do something, you have to be a guru and a guru in the future. There is no one in the past. There are many examples of white-collar farmers. There is the Freedom App. We will get the full information from it. We know the ways of building a dam. We know how to establish water for the dam. We know how to build coconut trees. We do everything manually and see things individually. If we do it fully, we are able to do it in one time. You must modify the license, how is that? There is no license from shrikhanda yet It is a experts license. If we want to build a car, we can build it. There is a big restriction from the government to build a car. According to the procedure, we will build it for Rs.2500. If we ask for permission, they will give permission. Now, the announcement has been made in the previous budget. In the 2021 budget, they are establishing Shrikanth's law. In the next 3-4 months, it will be introduced. If it is introduced, anyone can build it and build it anywhere. So, Shrikanth's law is not only for us, but for our country as well. No one will purchase tax from us. They will get a 32% tax, 18% GST, 18% forest development and 20% IT. 32% tax. In the non-marathon, they will get 22% tax from us. 10% supervision charges and 12% classification charges. 55% goes to the government. In the non-marathon, if I get 1 crore tax, the government will get 55 lakhs. It is difficult to build a forest. We can build a good forest around it. Good trees will get more air, more rain, more air pollution. Birds will get more air to build their nest. We can build our own forest. We can build more forest around it. Because no one has built a house for the birds. So, we can build a nest for the birds. Even the food is provided to the birds. We have a desire to build a good environment for the birds. So, I think everyone should be aware of this. We have seen in other countries that the profit is high, the loss is high. Is there any variation in this? Because of the rain, we have no effort to build a good environment. This is a kind of a good environment. It is not difficult to save the forest. The flooding is not a problem. Because in the world, the demand for the forest is high. In the open market, it is 30-50 thousand rupees per kg. So, the cost of the forest is higher than the cost of all the places. So, the loss is not a problem. When I did this, it was 1.5 billion per kg in 2005. Today, it is 12.5 billion per kg. Here, it is in the government rate. In the open market, it is 30-50 billion per kg. So, if the open market is more, the profit is higher. So, if more people are built, the profit will be less. It will be more profitable. What should we do to see the forest in the Freedom App? I have to download the Freedom App. I have to open the code, VISHU, which is my code. So, I will leave now. Okay, sir. Thank you for sharing so many things. Thank you for sharing your thoughts and questions in the studio. Thank you. Thank you. If you download the Freedom App and get the free course, the farmers will be happy and they will be able to work with it. So, thank you. Viswakumar, you can also download the Freedom App. You can get more information. You have two benefits. One, you can complete the course. And their referral code is also on the screen. If you see that and download it, you will get a scholarship of Rs. 3000. You can get two types of benefits. Now, a small break.