 So, the first question is, if you say that it is a tree of Sri Gandha, it is definitely different from other trees. What is the difference between this tree and other trees? That is our first question. If we talk about the tree of Sri Gandha, it is not like a normal tree. It is a hemiroot parasite. It is a tree that has been developed after the pervavvalambi. The special thing about this tree is that the heartwood is developed very well from fine grains. The color of the tree is very special. The heartwood is developed in the first ten to seven years and the oil of Sri Gandha is prepared and deposited in it. So, Sri Gandha is good for the Parimala and it has a medicinal value. It has medicinal properties. It has medicinal properties and Parimala. It is good for the good health of the trees. It is good. That is the specialty of Sri Gandha. The first question that came to our mind was that we should have a Sri Gandha tree. We wanted to have the first one, the Sashi tree of Gunnamotta. Where do we get these Sashi trees? The Sri Gandha Sashi trees are grown in our nursery. In the Sashi Palanalai in the Aruniyalaki area. This year we have grown more than 6 lakh trees. We have grown them and the people have grown them. The farmers have grown them. Yes, they have grown them. This year almost all the trees have been empty. In our nurseries, in Sashi Palanalai, we don't get them now. But next year, this year we have given a lot of importance and enough publicity. But the demand is very low. There is a lot of demand. There is a lot of demand. So, I think this year we have grown 6 lakh trees. For the next year, we are growing more trees. We are growing more trees for the next 10 lakh trees. We have planned it. We have planned it. Now we have a call. Nagraj has called from Pawgad. Hello, Nagraj. Hello, sir. We are calling from Pawgad. Nagraj, please ask the question. How much trees can we grow in Sriganmura? The question was the same, Nagraj. Now, how many feet should we make a tree in between? Nagraj, we can make a tree in between 10 feet. When the tree is in between, you can decide the height. It will be different depending on the height. It will be different depending on the height. It will be around 400-435 feet. How do you make the soil suitable for that? The soil is actually, we call this as Lomi soils. Lomi soils, well-drained soils, best for this Sriganmura. But it has come in all kinds of clay soils. It is also growing well in sandy soils. I have seen it in the Gurbharg. Even in black cotton soils. It is growing well in all kinds of soil. Another question is from Chitradurga. Kiran has done the work. Hello, Kiran. Hello, sir. Kiran, please ask the question. Sir, now we are in Chitradurga. Please ask the question. Being an M.L.C. graduate, B.Sc. B.Sc. Forestry graduate. Please speak a little louder. I am also a B.Sc. Forestry graduate. Is it? If you are able to speak in your own language, then it will be fine. It will be fine. But actually, we have a soil called Chavad Bhoomi. It is not suitable for shooting there. Chavad Bhoomi is not suitable there. As you said, there may be a camp there. There may be a camp there. There may be a camp there. There may be a sandal there. But Chavad Bhoomi is not suitable. It is not suitable. Now we have reached the end of the B.Sc. We are going to start the conservation project. We have to get it out in a good way. What kind of conservation projects should be done in the initial stage? We are also going to give the Srikantata forest 8 inches by 12 inches in bags. We are going to make pits for it two by two feet. We are going to make a full forest in the Farmers' Agriculture Land. We are going to make ploughing there. Initially, we are going to give the compost coconut to the well-rotten farm yard. We are going to give it to each one of them. It will grow well. It will grow well. Along with that, we are going to give the host plant. That is very important. Yes, it is important. What kind of fertilizer can be used for this plant? It is enough if you use a seed. It will grow well. There is another one called Hongunna Soap. You can use it after cutting the soap. Here, we have Khajurina, a kind of a windmill. A windmill will grow well. Now, some people grow Hebbia in the inter-plant. That is also good. In the inter-plant, this is called Dhanimbe. Dhanimbe is also a good host. We can grow all these different types of trees as a plant. We can grow them. Now, even the clean white ones, like these, we call them weeds. These are the stones. Yes, the stones. There can be grasses. Those are also good hosts. There is another question. Madhusudan from Shirad has asked this question. Greetings to Madhusudan. Greetings sir. Yes, ask the question. Sir, we are planning to go to Srikanth. For that, what kind of rules are there? Regulations rules, protect... This is a good question, Madhusudan. How is the government's rules now? Now, we should take some measures in the context of the nation. Because there was a rule that it should not be exposed. These things have been studied. Greetings to Madhusudan. There is no restriction for the opening of Srikanth. There are no rules or regulations. There is no restriction. There was no restriction at first. Even before that, Srikanth was a state tree. It was a government property. At that time, in the land of Kasagi, in the house, in the place, if there was any tree, that tree was the government property. But when it was mature, we built it. Even then, when we built it, that was our depot, Sandalwood, Arunela, when we took it to Srikanth's fort, we used to dress it there. We dressed it and there was a bell in each part. We put the bell and we give 90% of that bell in total value to the farmer. Before we used to give, today it is the same. But at first, Srikanth's house was the government property. Now, we have completely destroyed it. It is in some place, it is his property. So, there is no restriction. There is no restriction. We can leave Srikanth's house. We can leave the trees. Now, another question. Ashok has done this. Ashok, greetings. Greetings, sir. Ask the question. We are talking from a distance. Ask the question. Sir, can we leave in Vanabheshaya? Can we leave in Vanabheshaya? We can leave, but we have to stay in the original place. In Vanabheshaya, the growth of Srikanth is good. In the south, moisture is good, sunlight is good. In Vanabheshaya, we don't normally say that we will drip the water. In South Karnataka, in South Karnataka, the sunlight is good. If we put it in the trees, it is enough. If we put it in the trees, the sunlight is good. Some people put it in the trees, but not in the forest. Some people drip water, some people don't. The sunlight is good. In the north, in the northern districts, I have seen in Gulbarga, in the villages, if the main crop is irrigated, then we get some sunlight. The sunlight is good there too. Sir, another question. For how many years will this be suitable for Maratha? I have told you that it is suitable for Maratha. From 10 years, actually, there is a brown color that is called as hotwood. It starts like that. From then, it is sold as Maratha. For 10 years, you can get 1-2 kg hotwood. For 15 years, it is different. It is not that much. It can be a little more. It can be a little more. It can be a lot more. Hotwood formation is not good there. It is very good there. It is medium, average. We can recognize that. If it is there, it is like an auger. If you put it and see, you will know how much white it is. Then we will know that it is in some range. For 15 years, it can be 4-5 kg to 10 kg. For 20 years, it can be more. It can be more. It is more and more as the years pass. It is more and more. Hotwood is burning. It is getting more hot. Hotwood is also burning inside. If you put it in more water, the fire will burn and the hotwood will be less. That is very important. So, we don't need much water. It is a good fire for the dry season, but it is slow. For the rainy season, we can think about harvesting. We can think about harvesting. There is another question. Hanum Reddy from Kopala has asked this question. Hello, Hanum Reddy. Hello, sir. I am Hanum Reddy from Kopala. What is the question, Hanum Reddy? Sir, we have two lands, Masarani and the other. What we are going to do is, we are going to go to the rain-based areas, to the forest-based areas. There is a lot of discussion about that. The gentleman was saying that we can go to the forest-based areas. Where can we go to the forest-based areas? He is asking if we can go to the two lands. Can we go to the two lands? Yes, we can go. We can go to any land. But we cannot go to the two lands. There is another question. Samartha from Sagar has asked this question. Hello, Samartha. Hello. Hello, Samartha. Ask the question. Sir, how much is this? And is it too much to plant? What is the problem? That is a good question. There is a plant that saves the water. What are the procedures to save the water? Some people plant it in the forest. Some people plant it in the forest. In the area? Yes, in the area. There are people who plant it in the area. They say that when it is 7-8 years old, it will come out. Since then we keep it in the forest. We keep it in the forest at night. They say that we keep it for those who have gun license. Actually, the issue is that the plant that is called as the white-bearded tree has value. It is found outside. It is not in our bank locker. We have kept the important things outside. We have kept it outside. The forestry is like that. All the trees, small trees, are outside and we have to keep them. Some people have to make a compound or a belly. Actually, our sandal estates, we have belts like this. We put a fence in them. We put a chain link mesh. We have a huge amount of it, like 100 hectares. We put a fence in them. It will be natural. We have dogs and watchtowers with it. We have done all these things. We have done all these things. We have done all these things. We have done all these things. We have done all these things. But what are we doing now? We are doing something. We are doing something. The central government has shown interest in it. They have come and seen what we have done. They have seen how we have built with the farmers. And in our area, we have implemented the sandal estate concept. They have come and seen it. They have come and seen it. They have come and seen it. We have to implement the sandal estate concept like coffee, tea and coffee estates. This time, we have another work. Aruna has done his work. Aruna, Namaskar. Yes, sir. Where can we get sandal estate? We have a village in Gundlupet. Gundlupet. What about the sandal estate developers? We get sandal estate developers in the sandal estate development. Not only sandal, we get sandal developers related to sandal. There is a lot of sandal there. But this year, we have got sandal. In the last three years, they have taken sandal from us. We have implemented the agriculture and agriculture project in Riyadhidhar. How much is one sessi? One sessi is one rupee. If not, it is three rupees. That's it. We spend twenty rupees from 17 to 20 rupees for the construction of the sandal. How can we get the sandal estate in the same way as the sandal? You mentioned the ten sessis. How can we get the sandal with different sessis? Some people get it with papaya. It is good. I saw in Kolar, they did it with flour. Then, I said dalimba. Dalimba is very good. In Kolar, the sandal is very good. In between. It is very good. Good plants. Due to the drought, in the next period, it is possible to get more sandal. Yes, we can get more sandal. That is crown on top. What is it called? We call it crown. When it touches another tree, it becomes a competition. It is a competition for the wind. It is not a problem until it touches the tree. When it comes, in my area, we do it in alternate rows. We can harvest it. For around fifteen years, if we get the first harvest, I have not mentioned it, from four to five kg to ten kg, one tree. It is said that the first seed is grown in one way or another. Yes, it is the first seed. Even today, we have to do the cost for the government. In Arunelake, there is a sandal factory. They make soap and detergent. Mysore sandal. They make soap. Their factory is there. Here, handicrafts. For the handicrafts. They can do the work. They can buy it from the government. They buy it from the government. The farmers are growing this thing. The power is being lost. We are trying to get rid of the time and the time is running out. To make this event happen, to make this event happen, I would like to tell a few things to Sridhar Punati. One point. I would like to say one thing. In my opinion, we are trying to make the soil in some fields to be social. In some fields, we have planted in seven fields. So, when we plant in the fields, we collect all the waste. In the Kaisur Siddhi, this program will be successful. Please contact them and tell them what small things we should do. I would like to thank all the farmers in Sridhar Punati.