 Namaskar! Welcome to Atmeyar Raitar with Sanchi TV News. Today we have come to Kottalagi village. We have come to the village of Srikandada Gidakala Mahitya. Till today, the situation has been like this. There were two Srikandada Gidakala on the hill. We don't know when they will take them away from the stone. But in the Taluka of Belagav district, in Kottalagi village, one farmer left all the traditional fields and started a Srikandada farm. That too in Hattuekara. Come and get to know that farmer. And also come and get to know all the Srikandada Gidakala Mahitya. Come and get to know the farmer first. My name is Sidra Irapa, from L.D. I am from Belagavanjala, in the Taluka of Atmeyar Raitar, Kottalagi. I used to do farming. My ancestors used to do farming. Later I started farming. How did you get the idea to start a Srikandada Gidakala farm? Now, if we want to start a Srikandada farm, it will be done on its own. Because, when we do it on our own, we are doing it by ourselves. The labor rate has increased. The rate of cow dung has increased. The rate of medicine has increased. Now, in terms of investment, in the absence of work, the situation has become like this. Now, Menaka Nagamma's family, if they have their own family, they can work and earn their living. Now, we have to work like this. If we have to water the fields, we have to work from the side. We have to work from the side. If we work from the side, we can earn our living. If we work from the side, we can earn our living. How many acres of Srikandada Gidakala have you planted? How many trees have you planted in one acre? How many trees have you planted in the middle? I planted Srikandada Gidakala in 10 acres of land. In total, I planted 80 acres of land. In 80 acres, I have planted 10-15% of the land. Now, in one acre, I have planted 325 trees. How much is the difference? There are 16 trees on one side and 8 trees on the other side. Now, I have planted 300 trees. In total, I have planted 300 trees in 3 acres. In total, I have planted 300 trees in 3 acres. I have been planting trees for the past 3 years. Now, it is 3 years. If we plant trees in the front, it will take another 2-3 years. We have been planting trees for 1 year. We have been seeing many such trees. We cannot use any other example. We have planted trees in the same color as the trees. At the same time, the trees are growing. In the same forest, we have planted trees in the 3-4 years. We have been thinking about this since long. We have taken the responsibility to protect this forest. We have taken the responsibility to protect this forest. This is our task. How many kinds of species are there in Srikandada forest? And what kind of species of forests do you plant? How do you manage the land? When we are in Srikanth, we have different castes. We have one caste. In any other country, we have only one. In Srikanth, we have a small village. We have a small village. We have different castes. We have a big village. We have different castes. We have two castes. But when we go abroad, we have to go to Canada. We have to make a difference there. If we have different castes, we can get a 20% increase in the rate. We can get a higher rate. We can get a higher rate on the land and on the climate. What are the medicines you use to make the land more fertile? In Srikanth, we have soft soil. We make the soil soft and make the soil dry. Then we can make the soil dry. We have to see the soil. We have to plant the seeds in the ground. We have to make the soil dry. We have to plant the seeds in the ground. We have to plant the seeds in the ground. We have to plant the seeds in the ground. We plant the seeds in the ground in the old land. Then we can plant the seeds there. We plant the seeds in the old land. We plant the seeds there. What is the status of the water? For Srikanth, we require water for compulsory 7 years. 7 years. We have to water up to 7 days. We have to water up to 7 days, for the drip. we applied the artists passed Nothing is for our needs. You want for power economic just that one. We went in search of good ones. The market is too SP in the Education Department now. They are finding out some pe powder. Such 밀k years of Srich basis of parts is 8.9 salary. 16 years ago we could have got 1 lakh rupees from one place. We could have got 1 lakh easily. Before, 16 years ago we didn't have any money. For one year we had 10% more money. For 28 years we didn't have any money. For 20 years we had only 1 lakh rupees. For 16 years we had 1 lakh rupees. For 5 years we had only 1 lakh rupees. This is the reason why we have been able to get it. We can get it if we need it. Otherwise we wouldn't have got this much money. If we didn't get the rate, we would have got 1 lakh rupees. This is the reason why we have been able to get it. Who allowed you to build the Shrikhanda Gidai? The reason why we don't need any permission is because our farmers don't know about this. The government allowed us to build it when we were around 70 years old. We were only 70 years old. But we need our permission to build it. We have been here for 8 years. But we don't have the permission to build it. This is the reason why we're creating a space for all the farmers to build their own Gidai. We can't allow them to build more. That's why we are here. and this is the new one and you have not picked any other tree in Srikandha Gita? this is the Srikandha Savolambi tree this is Paravolambi tree this is the Chogisitri tree this tree is called Chogisitri tree where it was planted? this tree was planted 5 years ago and it was planted on the top of the tree and now it needs a support dander this tree is called Chogisitri tree and it is planted here and it needs support dander it needs another 3-4 years this tree was planted in June and it was planted here and it is still growing well and it is still growing well and when will it grow? it is growing well but it is not growing well it is not growing well it is not growing well and it is not getting matured I had planted the name of the tree but it has not got the name but it is not getting the name so I have changed the name and how is Chandana for the past 16 years? and since then we have been doing this for the last 10 years and since then after 3 years we have been doing this and since then nothing has grown nothing has grown it is just a small plant it is not yet matured and it can be used as a plant and it can be used as a plant now we have done this and this is the 5 acres and this is the 5 acres and this is the 6 acres and we have mixed all these and after that it is now growing and we have mixed all these and we have mixed all these after that we have to clean this and after that we have to clean this and now our hill is clean now it is 3 years old and we have used only this we can buy this for 7000 rupees and now it is clean and now it is clean and if you have an interest in this it will help but now we can't get this much we have to grow more but we can't grow more now we can get 2 lakh rupees for the first year we can't get this much we can't get this much we have 1-2 trees in the forest and the color is scary and you have done this in 10 acres and how did you protect yourself from the color from the color from the color if we had 1-2 trees we would have been dead nobody would have come to this place nobody would have asked for this and now we have this and we can trust them now it is 3 years old 3 years ago they built a house for us this is the only place where we built this and now it is in the forest now we have 2 acres and now we have 10 acres nobody has cut this nobody has cut this because they have put this in the forest and now we have 4 acres and we have to cut this so we can't come to this place suddenly we have a big team and we are asking this we have a big team and we have done a robbery we have to protect this we have to protect this we have to protect this nobody has cut this for 10 years before 10 years 6 years and now we have to work and now we have cut this for 3 acres and now we have done 10 acres and we have cut this we have to pay 340 crores and now we have to pay 2 to 3 lakhs per year we have to pay 2 to 3 lakhs per year we have to buy a chip we have to buy a CC camera this camera is very big we have to buy a camera which is about 2 to 3 kilometers now we don't need this we have to buy after the trees are cut and we have to take it how do you do the farming? we have to do the farming for 10 years we have to do the farming we have to water the coconut we have to put the coconut in the coconut we have to put the coconut we don't need the coconut what is the coconut? it is called as the coconut the coconut is not needed 10 years is enough 10 years is enough after 10 years you can build for 16 years 20 years 30 years you can build it and then you can take profit but we don't have the production we don't need to build the coconut where did you get the sashes from? and from which college you have to get the sashes? and how do you do the farming? in the Srikandha village the sashes are not related to big or small you can be small or big we don't have the sashes for 5 years we will get the sashes for 5 years where did you get the sashes? we saw this in the forest we talked where did you get the sashes? where did you get them? after 8 years after 10 years they got the sashes they were working for 10 years they got the sashes they got the sashes we got the sashes but this is the sashes we got the sashes this is the sashes we got them we will show you the sashes are important after 8 years we got the sashes we have experienced and we have to tell we have experienced you have cut the sashes and in one acre how much do you spend and how much do you get after the sashes we spend on the sashes we have cut the sashes and we get the sashes and we have to spend on the sashes for 50 rupees for 1 acre after the sashes we get the sashes and we spend on the sashes for 10 years we have spent on the sashes and we spend on the sashes you said you are buying 320 sashes how much do you get for the sashes we spend on the sashes we spend on the sashes I am a farmer I have 10 kilos one kilo for 10,000 and for the sashes I get 20000-24000 I get 40000 if we do not pay private it will be double if we are farmers we have to spend on the sashes what about expenses we have to reduce We have to divide it by 15. If it is 4 crores, we can't spend it. It will cost us Rs.20-30 lakhs. We can't afford it. We have to divide it by 3 crores. When we get 3 crores for 16 years, we have to divide it by 3 crores. If we divide 16 acres by 3 crores, we get 15 crores. We have to divide it by 1 crore. We have to divide it by 1 crore. We have to divide it by 2 crores. We have to pay Rs.20 lakhs a year. There is no work, there is no water. We have to give lots of water. If we don't have water, we have to add some coconut. You are providing this to Srikanth? Yes, we are providing this to Srikanth. We have to pay Rs.20 lakhs a year. We have to do all this. We have to pay Rs.3-4 lakhs for the construction of this. We have to pay Rs.3-4 lakhs for the construction of this. The construction costs have Billie shaped nets Dunkle, we are telling to all the people of Karnataka, Maharashtra and other states we are doing this for the betterment of the people our village headman says that you have to pay a fine of 15 years we are talking about 16 years 16 years is enough for 16 years, we have to pay 1.3-1.4 crores we are talking about their problems and our problems they tell us how much they pay but we have to do it for the betterment of our village we are doing it for the betterment of our village we are paying 16 years for 16 years this is our self-sufficiency this is the land of the cattle and cattle we can't afford to pay 10 lakhs for the construction of the ship even 10 acres cannot afford to pay 10 lakhs we are talking about 15 years, we are paying 30 crores every year we are paying 2 crores we are paying 2 crores for the construction of the ship for 16 years we have to pay 2 crores no need to pay now we have to pay 40 acres we have not decided yet we have to pay and then pay But we have to stop the production of this type of plant. I would like to say something to all the farmers. Mr. Shidraya Elladagi has produced 3 crore plants in one acre for 16 years. He has made 10 acres of Srikandha plants for sale. He has also made all the traditional plants for sale. They are getting good profit from this. They are making a profit of 35 crore rupees from the plant. Sir, I would like to ask you something. Has the government given any donation to Srikandha plants? When the plant is made, the plant is given to the Srikandha plant and to the Sita plant. They give 2 crore rupees. In the first year, they give 30 rupees for one plant. Srikandha plant and Sita plant. In the second year, 35 rupees. In the third year, 35 rupees. 3 years, they give 110 rupees for one plant. They give the money. They give the money for the construction of the plant. They give the money for the construction of the plant. They help the farmers. They are very kind. They don't give much. They give 3 rupees for one plant. They give the money for the construction of the plant. They are very kind. They are very kind. They are very kind. I would like to thank all the farmers of Karnataka and Maharashtra for giving us this good information. Thank you madam. Today, you, Sanjithi TV and some other media people, what we say to the farmers, some farmers don't like it. They don't like what they say. Even they don't like how my name is The farmers understand my social status' There are good feelings in everyone. Your mother said, she is buying thisith her husband's house. We have talked about the cost of winning. Open ROB, Sanjithi tv's and others we are losing. To get this away, all fell for it. Only the country and the people finally liked it. 25% land Thank you for believing in us and for your support Thank you Thank you