 Today we have 8 acres of land, 2 acres of land, 1 acre of soil, 600 paddy fields, 600 seed fields, 100 paddy fields, 300 water, 100 watercress, 100 paddy fields, 100 coconut, 100 coconut, 800 rice fields. Single square feet of your land should not be wasted. It has the value. Turn left. Your home will be on the right side. Welcome to Rayachur district. Welcome to Kavitha, Sivarathalukku, Rayachur district. This is Kalamadhyama YouTube channel. You can watch it. We have come to Kavitha Mishra Farm. He is a sandalwood farmer and has a lot of amazing skills. He has a new idea for agriculture. We are going to talk to him. We are going to see his farm. This is the way from Rayachur to Bagalkot. This is the way from Bagalkot to Rayachur. There is a town called Kavitha. It is 2 km away from there. Welcome to Kavitha Mishra Farm. Welcome. As I said earlier, Kavitha Mishra is here. Greetings. How are you? I am fine. We are proud of you. I am happy to have accepted your tour. Thank you. There was a time when there was no news on social media. Now there is news. There are people who have learned about your past. Who are you to tell the whole story? I am Kavitha Muma Shankara Mishra. I am from Tavuramani, Dharwad. I am from Rayachur district of Kavitha. I got married here. I got my education and got married in Dharwad. I am doing agriculture and animal husbandry here. I got married in a small village. I had no heart to get married in this village. I had no opportunity to work outside. My husband told me that he will show me what he does inside the house. First of all, I didn't see any cycle coming inside. This is the same place? Yes. I had to sleep outside. There was a hole. Nothing was visible. Half of the wall was not visible. There was a hole like that. A rock hole? Yes. Nothing was visible. There was no way to come inside. There was a small path on the wall. It was very narrow. We had to walk on the small path on the wall. That was the way. We tried for 13-14 years to get to this level. Oh, really? Nothing was visible. When we started, there was no light in the village. No electricity? No. We started in the same way. People were afraid that we might die here. There was such a atmosphere. Nothing was visible. I had to bring a bottle of water from the village. There was no water. This was a very bad land. Nothing was visible. There was no parallel land. There was only stones and stones. We had to make it parallel and level. We brought water from Kanyakumari to Kanyakumari. We made it from 1 inch to 6,000 liters. Within 8 acres. 1 inch water. We had to fill the bottle with water. The water was very low. We made it within 1 inch. 8 acres? Yes. Within 1 inch? Yes. Oh, God. You are an Infosys employee. Yes. What is your qualification? I completed my Diploma in Computer Science. I completed my MA in Sociology from Karnataka University. I had a programming skill. I was selected as a programmer. But I didn't have the opportunity to work outside my husband's house. I didn't get a job. Then I thought about what I should do. I wanted to live in the middle of the four hills. I wanted to achieve something in my life. When I asked my husband, he said, I will get married and I will do anything. You know the temperature here is 45 degrees. We don't have a door. It was very difficult to accept such a challenge in this temperature. I accepted and started. Many problems came. Then one day, I had a different desire. I had lost hope. I saw that day. I did all this in 2010. Did you have a happy experience? No. You didn't have a family? No. I didn't have a good job. I didn't know anything. I didn't have anything to do. I didn't have a fertile land. I didn't have a source of water. I wanted to do something new. I did the first thing. I did the first thing. You didn't have a fertile land. The water was very low. I needed six months of water to get the water. Then I went to the stress center. I didn't need water. Then I went to the forest. I got the rate of the water. But after two years, the water level dropped. My consultant said that I should remove the houses. I thought that if I had to raise children, I would be sad. I felt that I had to take care of my children. I thought about it. I had to go to the stress center in a minute. I cut the grass and the land and the water. You had to do it again. You had to do it again. Yes. I wanted to do something different. That's what I planned. I wanted to do something different. That's what I planned. I wanted to do something different. Agriculture. We have not done it alone, sir. The monocropping method was a different one. Single-billet? Yes. Now I have done integrated farming, sir. On a material basis. What happens in that, sir? On a material basis, we are eating all the different cultures. That is why we call it a material basis. There is agriculture, sir. There is farming. There is agroforestry. There is animal welfare. Why I am saying this is because, agriculture is short-term. For example, the wheat. From 3 to 4 months, the rice is from 5 to 6 months, sir. It can be jola, togri, shenga, kadli, ullagaddi or manasinaka. This is agriculture. Short-term. What I have done in that is, I have done horticulture, that is mid-term. That is, we get the rice from 1 to 10, 15 years, and we get it from there. For example, if we do it in the name, it can be from 1 acre to 5 to 6 tons in a year. We get it in the name, sir. It can be L49, Taiwan pink, Taiwan white. It can be done quickly. If we do it in the name, it can be done for 3 years, sir. It can be kesar, dasari, mallika, banganpalli. I have done 4 varieties of mangoes in my own way, sir. If I do it in one way, the yield will not come for another year, sir. It will fluctuate. It can be done in a climatic condition or we can do it in practices. We have done pehra, mao, sethappal, betta nellika, neerlana, unusiyana, and then we have done karibeo, nimbeana, mousambi. This is the method of harvest based on the type of the crop. Every type of crop should have its own characteristics. I have harvested the srikandha. I am telling everyone that I have harvested the srikandha in Karnataka. But since the year 2012, we have not been able to see the srikandha for 15 years. We are all in the middle of the road. We have a difficult life. It is not a poem. All the Karnataka and Indian farmers have been killed. Why am I saying this? Because the srikandha is a parasite. It requires the host. So, when we need a host, we need to prepare a good srikandha and it should be a good food for us. We need to support the srikandha and we need to develop it. The farmers need to survive. How does it work if the farmers have srikandha for 12 to 15 years? For example, if a man is 18 to 25 years old, I will ask him to leave his job and do farming. He will ask me one question. He will ask me if I get my salary on Monday and retirement pension on Monday. This system is set for that. Agriculture, horticulture, agroforestry, animal husbandry. Four combinations. We have planned all the combinations. Then we will not have a problem of srikandha farming. I thought of that. I thought it was practical and I took success from it. I have seen the srikandha farm from the beginning. It is a 9 year old farm. I will show you what I do for the 9 years. The srikandha farm has not grown at all. Because the srikandha farm has a lot of problems. It is a mixed farm. There is a lot of problems. What is the rate of srikandha? What is the future? What is the use? What are the consequences? There are many questions about how to become a farmer. There are many questions. There are many questions. I have seen many questions. I will tell the farmer. We have done all the work. We have done all the work. We have seen one crore. None of us have seen. None of us have seen. That is the truth. Another thing is that When we talk about the farm, there are no pictures of the farm. This is a terrible truth. This is a terrible truth. You are famous on YouTube and Facebook. But there are no pictures of the farm. The farmers' lives are not that colourful. It is very terrible. How terrible is it? Let us talk about the tractor. One tractor costs 800 to 900 rupees. One cow. I will get one cow. One cow costs 1700 rupees. One cow costs 500 rupees. One cow costs 300 rupees. We don't have the money to buy a tractor. We don't have the money to buy a tractor. We have to buy it ourselves. After all this, what do we get in the end? What do we get in the end? What do we get in the end? The farmers will pay the taxes. That is our new year. We will pay the taxes. We have spent so much. We have got what we need. What do we get in the end? We will flop. We will write the year. We will write the year. The cost of cultivation will be increased. The income will be reduced. The farming will be reduced. The farming will be reduced. Because they both are not proportional to each other. Because they both are not proportional to each other. It is a serious matter. It is a serious matter. Our Prime Minister Narendra Modi says Our Prime Minister Narendra Modi says In 2022, we should double the income. In 2022, we should double the income. In 2022, we should double the income. If the income is zero, if we double it, it will be zero. If we multiply zero into zero, If we multiply zero into zero, it is zero only. It can't be infinite. If we want to go for the infinite, This is the right time to think over it. This is the right time. That is why I say, that is why I say, Because every year, the population is getting poor. The land is getting poor. That is the state. The land is there. If we want to grow the land, If we want to start it, if we want to get the creativity, from the youngsters, because our knife is over, tomorrow it is in your hands. That is why today, I will tell you what Grow Forestry is. It has become the need of the day. It has become the need of the day. Because, what everyone says, we are calculating this for MSP. Minimum supporting price. Minimum supporting price. Minimum supporting price. We are considering this. What do you consider in that? You, the government, our people, our families, our work, our expenses, our food, medicine, cow dung, how much is the total expense, everyone considers that much. Then, our land is getting ruined. You are saying that because the land is not there. You tell me. If the land is there, you will cultivate it. If the land is not there, you will be living in cities. You will not be living in a single bedroom for 600 sq. ft. Then, where will our land be ruined? Where will our rental charges be? There is no way that it will be done. Then, who will calculate it? No one will calculate it. I selected Agroforestry to calculate it. I told you, this is Srikanth's long term crop. What did I say? If we are planting Srikanth from 2012 to 2015, how much land will we have to pay? Till then, it is a dead investment. Dead investment, sir. I wanted to support Agroforestry so that the land would be worth it. I wanted to support Agroforestry because if we plant Srikanth, you will know that it will not grow fast. We have to stay for 15 years. If we have to stay for 15 years, the farmer should be strong and have a strong will. I have done this for that. In my village, we have planted 8-10 acres of Srikanth, 600 sq. ft. of sorghum, 600 sorghum, 100 bett, 300 water, 100 honey, 100 lime, 100 lime, 100 curry leaves, 100 time. I will give you another chance to make 50 rupees. Because you have made 50 rupees. So what I am saying is, earning is not important, saving is important. So you should not spend your land on waste, spend it on waste, go with nature. Don't go against nature. But if you go with nature, you will have to do something for the poor. I have tried that. Water is my weakness. I knew that from the beginning. Because this is a rice field. I tried very hard but I could not get water. After I knew that water is my weakness, I told you many times, Water, water, water, flour, flour, water is not good. I knew that weakness because the water in the river is very low. Major non-crop is Srikandha. When water is left in Srikandha, there is no oil. The more water you reduce, the more oil content is left in Srikandha. Why? Because Srikandha is not good for the farmers. It is good in the forest. It is good in the forest because it doesn't require special care and maintenance. Because there is no need for water. Because there is no need for labour. In the worst case, the only good thing is Srikandha. That is why I tell the farmers, If you do what you do, do it technically. Don't go to the river to get water. Then you should not give the water to the farmer. It should not be more than Srikandha. Because if you give the water to the farmer, what will happen? If you give the Srikandha water, it should be more than Srikandha. If you give the Srikandha water, it should be more than Srikandha. Because the sun doesn't rise. So, there is no need to be a scientist. We learn to do our own work. That is why I tell the farmers, If you want to do your own work, I will give you Srikandha. I am not saying that Srikandha is a pioneer. But I will say one thing. I have experienced a lot from my 10 years journey. Even if I am a barrier, I will not give you the water. Because I have been telling this for a long time. I have to do my daily work. I have to manage the host, water, pest control, nutrition. I have to give all these things. I have been learning all these things day by day. I tell this to the farmers. Because if we do something like Facebook or YouTube, I feel that we will not get that much success. Where ever you go, there is no rain. You can't grow Srikandha. So, you think there is no Srikandha? Nothing can be grown. There should be rain in the soil. The soil should be ready for every stage. The sun should be ready. The sun should be ready. The sun should be ready for the sun to rise. It should be ready for rain, for snow. It should be ready for cold and for wind. No need for money. You won't get the results. You can't put people. If you put people, you will have people. If you work as a boss, you will have people. That is my experience. I understood and faced it practically. Thank you.