 Now what has happened is, if someone is lying down, if he has a tractor, he will call someone and pull out the seeds here. There is no seed left. He will pull out the tractor. He will spray a chemical. He doesn't know what those chemicals are. Why is he scared? He is scared because of heat. It's not heat. The medicine that you sprayed on your forehead has come. That is what causes cancer. A man who wants to come to agriculture, or wants to do some work, he will work in a food shop. So can he come here? No, he can come. When he comes, if he earns 2 lakhs per month, he shouldn't come here, asking for 3 or 4 lakhs. Definitely he must have 10 lakhs. He can earn 10 lakhs per month. But he should love it. He should not have money vemos, he should love it. He should love it. He should love it. He should love it. He should make it. He should put money aside in monetary terms. Then he comes. It takes his own time. That's the way. But it can be difficult to earn money. But it can't be done fast. Now, after finishing some work, immediately you go for a campus interview, andgens offer letter, job, that is not possible. You should do weekend raja. No? No. What is the secret? 24 hours? No, no. You can be a week raja, or a full day monk. Now I am like that. What do you think? I am the boss, who is that? No. I will take my time. I should talk to you, I should cook with you, I should do arti with you, I should go out with you, I should talk about this. Who is there for me? I am a full day monk. No problem. So you don't need weekend? No. For this holiday? No. Four kids have finished their exams. I am the one who is not in a schedule. I don't need to tell anyone. My work, I will be in a full holiday for a month. This is a very, very holistic job. This is a very peaceful way of life. There is no one here. No targets. No firewood. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. But if there is no one, agriculture is a loss. Work is a loss. That is what I am talking about. We have discussed a lot. We need a plan. We need a long term plan, a short term plan. I have told you, what will happen is, I will immediately take a pen and put it in a bundle, and I will do it day and night. Step by step. I will put in a little effort in the initial days. But today I am calm. There is a system. You have seen it yourself. Young regeneration. I have not done anything at this time. So you have not done anything at 90% of what you have done? Yes, by this time it is already 50%. More than 50%. Then natural regeneration is done. Then, what I have done, it is getting better. What happens here is, once it starts, it is like singing De Nevala Jebi De Tha De Tha Chappad Paadi. It is not like that. It is not like that. But it takes time. What I am doing now is, I have started the Oda. This year, I will not speak. This is about 20 years of effort. I have 20 years of experience. Today, my 20 years of experience is new. It is special. Yes. It is heard at any time. It is heard at any time. It is heard at any time, at any time. It is heard at any time. It is heard. It does not take 20 years to finish. It needs. I am not sure what happened immediately, what miracle did we do, what magic did we do, how I have saved the Earth, how I have made the Earth a fruit, how I am going to reach the goal of these goals, how I can achieve the goals, all these have been the result of about 20 years of effort. Not like what I have done now, it has been completed. I have not come to succeed. There is still work to be done. I know what to do. I know how much to do. I know how much to improve. Is there more work to be done? There is 90% more work to be done. There is so much work to be done. This is an ocean. We have to do the work of agriculture. Agriculture is a very interesting field. It is very interesting. I will say something. In this world, any job, any profession, any political life, any health, any education, any spiritual life, is given only by agriculture. Agriculture alone. There is health, education and both. There is a life of education, a life of health and a life of education. I am going to BOSHA here. I have a lot of unplanned trips. I will spend more time with my family. It is an opportunity. Family time. There is no plan. We went last time. We went to some ocean beaches. We went to the forest gardens. They were pending for 4 days. They never came. We went to our forest gardens. How are the forests in Mallinadi? How is their farming? Now we have come to see everything. It is a very special temple. We went. We used to sleep in that temple. When my children were born, I thought it was a big temple, but I didn't see anything special because it was in my heart. I told him, we are in Kunti, it is a small temple, a historical place, but I feel a spiritual state of peace and serenity in my heart. I told him, there is nothing special about this temple. This ruthi is a wonderful and happy thing. Those who have not seen it, should experience it. You cannot express it. The ruthi is a kind of agriculture. There is no other ruthi. The ruthi is a kind of happiness. What I feel is that we have built a temple in Bisilnadan. It is a place where you can see the beauty of the temple. Is it possible to build it in a small size? Ramesh has always been a rich man. But he was born small. No, he can do better. Small family, small family. That family is a big family. 100 acres of land. But even if there were 2-3 acres of land, he could do it. He could build a forest in 10 Kuntis. It is possible. In half an acre, in one acre, he could build a forest. A farming forest. He could build a family forest for his family. It is possible. He could build a school for other poor people. He could also build a big forest for the poor. It is possible. It is not possible for the poor. I have not built a big temple. I have not spent millions of rupees on building a palaeo. I have not done any Israel-like things. Nothing. It is a little bit like this. You should know do's and don'ts. What if you do this? What if you do this? What if you do this, what will be lost? What can you gain if you do this? It is a little bit like this. What our farmers are doing is, they are doing what they can and are giving up. They are giving up with a little bit of trouble. What about traditional methods? Traditional method is ultimate. But we have already come a long way beyond traditional. We have already come a long way beyond traditional. Today our life is like this. Today we don't need any coal. Coal should not smell. We don't need any wood or any wood. We should be like this. Our song is like this. When we get the coconut, we strike. Our grandfather, our great grandfather, like a Sampradaya, he used to plant the best seeds in the year before. This year he was doing a strike. He planted the seeds in the morning? Yes. He planted the seeds that were needed this year. All the seeds, Dweedala, Akadi Kal, our Jola, Sajje, all our oil seeds, even all the Pundi seeds, were all taken care of. What is happening now is, if there are four seeds that are to be sold next year, the coconut will be taken away today. When the coconut is sold today, he will call someone and tell them to get the tractor. He will call someone and tell them to get the tractor. He will call someone and tell them to get the tractor. He doesn't have a plan. If he doesn't have a plan, he doesn't take it seriously. He is sad. He doesn't have enthusiasm. That is the situation. Already, in the earth, we are taking money today. As a mechanical engineer, the temperature in the earth is decreasing. When the temperature in the earth is decreasing, the moisture holding capacity is decreasing. The power to stop the evaporation is decreasing. At the same time, the power to stop the flow of water is decreasing. Now, we are living in a time where we eat biscuits and bread. This is the age. Processed foods. Chips, lez, this is the symbol of our culture. We have become modernized. Life is not like this. It is like this. Today, the farmers, in the 60s, the agriculture after the 10s, is called the agriculture without noise. It is not the agriculture of the farmers. It is the agriculture without noise. Today, the farmers, if I may say, I will take a picture. The agriculture today, the farmers spray chemicals. They don't know what those chemicals are. They don't know what the government, the farmers, and our system is. They don't know what insecticide is used. What contact insecticide, systemic insecticide, and what fungi side is used. They don't know what contact fungi side is, systemic fungi side, broad spectrum fungi side. They don't know. We are going to a place of meditation. What happens is, if one plant is grown, in 100 acres, one of the 9 acres is wasted. That's how it is. But this is already a waste. It has gone to that extent. Then it should be developed. Otherwise, from the front, the farmers will get even more serious. Because now it is already very serious. The number of farmers, the number of farmers, the number of farmers, the number of farmers, the number of farmers, the power to build a city, is not in the hands of the farmers. We are all suffering from this. So, we should not underestimate the farmers. At least, we should not underestimate them. We should think seriously about the benefits and problems of the farmers. That is the reason they were born. But, the farmers, the NPK fertilizers, the micronutrients, the stimulants, the insecticides, the pesticides, the stimulants, all of this is long-term and short-term. These are the benefits and the problems. The power to completely decompose is not given by the government but by the government. We should make an arrangement to get the jobs done. It is not enough to do it in the soul. It is happening. What is happening today? I do not know if it is MRL. What is MRL? What is happening today? One sprays Proclame, one sprays Carbon Degenerate, one sprays Methomyl, and one sprays it today. It is harvested in the evening and then brought to the market the next day. Methomyl. It is 90 days MRL. Is that the content of the chemical? Yes. We call it the maximum residue limit. It is not eaten for 90 days. But, it is being sold the next day. We, our children, our family eat it. We think it is fresh, shiny, and good. We eat it as a good fruit. We eat it for 2-3 days and then we start talking about the stomach. Why do we talk about the stomach? It is not the stomach. The chemical that you sprayed on the Methomyl is the same. It is cancer. It is cancer. It is happening. You do not know him. He has been harvesting for 90 days. Who is he? You do not know him? Sir, when he sprays, he says that the chemical should be removed. He needs it. He wants it to be strong. He is like that. He comes to my place when he is done immediately. He is like that. He is like that. He is like that. Who knows? Where is the person who knows the answer? He is like that. He has been fighting for so long. He has been fighting. He is dead. He has not been arrested. He is like that. We are all concerned about his farming. We will take it all. We will take it all. Whether it is good or bad. We will give it to you. We do it at home. We take small pieces of grass We are all living in the same place. It is not possible to do that. It is the power of God. Who are these people? Are they in any other educational programs? No, they are not. They are the ones who need it. This is the Mool. This is the Mool. Thank you for watching this interview. Thank you for watching.