 It was a very easy process. We had planned to sell them all in this situation. But now, in this country, we are in a situation where we cannot sell them all. But two months ago, I went to the Raitra Sandarshan. They have a very good experience of the Srikandha era. It was a very easy process. The people of Balas are very long-term. They themselves have seen this Srikandha for the first time. They say that it is a three or four years experience. But we have worked hard and the Raitra Sandarshan and I have worked hard. The people of Kishan and Gharji are very experienced. They are showing their experience to the farmers of this country. Hello. Hello. I have seen these three plants. These are Hishwarappa, Garje, Kadurthalok, Chikmula, Rishitika. How many plants are there in this place? We have 8 acres. 8 acres. How many plants are there in this place? We have 8 acres. How many plants are there in this place? We have 8 acres. How many plants are there in this place? We have 2 acres of coconut and 3 acres of sandalwood. 3 acres of sandalwood. How did you come to know about this Srikandha? I got the idea to come to know about it when the government gave me the permission. I contacted the government and before seeing the other plants, I came to know about it. I have received a grant from the government. How many months have you been here? This is not completed for a year. It is not completed for a year. It is not completed for a year. It is completed for 15 days. How many months have you been here? Since November to December. Since November to December. It is not completed for a year. How many feet are there? 8 feet. 8 feet. There are 10 feet. There are 8 to 10 feet. Is it good for your land? It is good for our land. It is good for our land. It is good for our land. It is good for our land. It is weak without supporting plants. There is no support. There is no support. It is weak without support. There is no support. Is it a guilt that you need support? I told you to support. I told you to support. I supported everything. I have no experience. I have no experience. Some plants are so good. Some plants are so good. They are asking for support. They have been asking for support for a long time. They are asking for support. Should we support them? If you see here, the way the stick is placed, the way it is placed, see, the stick is here. The stick is like this. See, the stick is like this. See, the stick is like this. See, the stick is like this. If there is no support, it is the same type. The stick is here, so the support is less. Where is the water? How did you get water? We got it from the in-line drip. We got it from the in-line drip. We got it from the in-line drip. We don't need more water. We don't need more water. We just need to water it once in a day. Once in a day? Once in a day, we just need to water it. There is no problem. We don't need more water. We don't need more water. It has been three months since we got water. It was raining. There is no problem. So you are successful in getting water? Yes, we are successful. We are successful in getting water. We are successful in getting water. What is your experience of getting water? What is my experience of getting water? About the water. What do you think about the water? What do you think about the water? Some people have doubts. What do you think about that? Some people have doubts about the water. The government's permission, the water, the water. Some people have doubts. Some people ask us. They ask us how we can get water. Now we see that there is a jewellery shop. There are ATMs. Why not? Why should we die? It will be easy. If we have security, we can't do it. The government has given us permission. We can get water from the water. We can get water from the water. We can get water from the water. We can get water from the water. Some people ask us. Some people ask us. They ask us to get permission. They ask us to get permission. We don't have any problem with the water. The government has given us permission. The police won't question us. The police won't question us. We can get water from the water. What do you think about the people who are living in the middle? What do you think about the people who are living in the middle? Water. The forest is green. The environment is good. The air is good. The air is good. We haven't got water in the last 4- skull period. If we get water in the next 5-6 years, we will get water. We will get water. We can get water from the river. We can get water from the river. You are right. You are right. There are people who live here. There are people who live here. If we have waterbilir, we can get water. They can go far and get water. There is no problem. We can do private project these days. Is it possible to help in private as well? Sometimes. We have to lover with Marty. We are helping in豬. We can give money to the poor. It is possible. We don't have to work day and night. We will help. At least we can help in toilet andema. At least we can help in toilet anderma. A nice thought. There is the Brother in Fate. Is it good? It is easy for everyone. We come and go. We like it that it is easy for everyone. Everyone is like that. You have done a lot of things for nature. How many crores of rupees do you have? Nature and money. Not just one. Nature and money are needed. You have kept this for one year, right? I had kept this for one year in my private house. Then this kind of a house came. In the nursery, they give free sasi. I came to see the plant. There was no improvement like this. We turned the plant around and then we fixed it and fixed it. If we had fixed one plant before fixing it, we would have been like this. We saw the plant and fixed it and fixed it. Then we came here like this. What is the good thing you have done? We are planning to make magani. We are planning to put magani on the border. It is a type of magani that is Indian and South Africa. South Africa's magani grows quickly. It grows well in the morning. It is available in private. It is not available in here. We are planning to make magani. What else do you want to do? We have made a little dam. This dam is for water. When we come to the nursery for five years, if there is no water, we will go to the garden. This is not possible. Five years of water is enough. If we can get the water we need, we will get income. That is my wish. Vishwanar, how do you think about this long term crop? There are seven types. We have come to this range for a year. We will get crop within 15 years. Some people say that they have not seen it. It is not true. We have come to this range for a year. We will get crop within 15 years. Since the walls plant is not in good condition, and since the water is in low pressure, some plants have become weak. We will do all the recovery. We will do all the recovery. There is no fear. Where are you from? I am from Garj. Where is your land? I am from Nalukkara. Have you seen the land here? Yes, we have seen it. Last year they had planted it before they took the plants. We have come to see how it is. They have opposed the security issue. They want permission from the police. They have taken it before they took it. The plants have grown well. Some people are coming to see. The plants have grown well. Some people are coming to see. They have done well. We have come to see. We have come to see how it is. We will get the plants. We have to get the things from the government. We have to get the security. We have to know how it is. We have to do it. You have brought the plants from Kailapadi. Yes, from Kailapadi. Before the market for the plants, the seeds are also marketed. It is good for diabetes. At that time, the plant is marketed. At that time, the plant is marketed. It is not possible to grow the plants. No, it is not possible. It is not possible. Do the plants eat it? The plants eat it. The plants are not able to eat. Thank you for watching.