 Five villagers of Beter district, Aura taluk, worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers were thinking of building trees of Sri Gandha that had been growing for about 10-15 years. Now, the farmers are starting a new generation. Let's see what kind of generation it is. In the land where the trees of Sri Gandha were planted, the farmers were able to grow Sri Gandha trees in the forest. What can Sri Gandha do without the stone? What you are seeing now is the view of the villages around Beter district Aura taluk. The farmers worked hard to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The trees of Sri Gandha were grown in the lands here. Some farmers even planted the trees of Sri Gandha. But the farmers did not know where the tree of Sri Gandha was planted. The trees that had been planted here are now being turned into stone. The farmers are now trying to find a way to get the trees of Sri Gandha to the forest. The minimum number of trees that were planted here was 16-18 kg. After 13 years of growing, we have no security whatsoever. We do not have the marketing knowledge to change the trees. We have wasted so much of our time. At night, the farmers are going to the forest with the help of machines to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers are now able to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers who were in the land are now able to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers are now able to grow the trees of Sri Gandha by showing the same trees of Sri Gandha the next day. The farmers are now able to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. The farmers have been working for 10 years to grow the trees of Sri Gandha. But the fruits of their labor are not good. The farmers are struggling with so many problems. They are trying to grow the trees of the forest in the future. But the farmers are not able to do anything. The police have to take the trees of the forest and put them in the forest. Otherwise, the farmers who are in the forest right now can't do anything. The police have to be careful not to spread the smell of the forest. If the forest is cut down and the farmers are put in the forest, the farmers will be affected. The police have to be careful not to spread the smell of the forest. Suresh Nayak, TV 9, Bidar.